it is not a disease as some polish speakers have said in today's debate.
but turkey needs to overcome the fears and achievements of the past.
i am thinking in particular of the situation in ukraine.
in my opinion, then, it was not appropriate at that time to draw up a comprehensive catalogue of legislation which already exists, for this only gives credence and relief.
firstly, the question of which directorates-general or policy areas were allocated to the authorities approved by the budgetary authority in 2001 and 2002.
that is what i can say as a pledge.
mr president, i believe that the turkish government, rather than the european parliament, is in fact paying attention to preserving and preserving the enormous wealth of many religions and many cultures in the depths of history.
the european parliament has rightly voted in favour of waiving the parliamentary immunity of the romanian member, mr discards.
we forget a little that what we are doing in libya is being evaluated in the light of our behaviour towards the other countries in the region.
it is true that we are not a subsidiary or a priority; we have neither the power nor the means to carry out this action, but we can raise questions and raise important issues.
that is why we europeans are called upon to encourage both sides very strongly to achieve a sustainable solution that is broadly based on broad participation.
the area will be integrated between eu member states and countries which are important for regional cooperation.
i have already heard from various colleagues that he is not in line with our ideas.
we must therefore make it clear that it is not a budget for bureaucracy and red tape.
i would ask commissioner flynn to advise me and the government of ireland to coordinate their efforts with the efforts made here in europe.
- before the vote on amendment
what is your comment on this respect?
given the important role of the israeli state in the region, it also has the task of removing this provision.
finally, you will vote in favour of this mobilisation of the crisis tomorrow.
the commission' s proposal to abolish the state of emergency aid for public aid is unprecedented.
making more effective use of energy and natural resources would be an excellent contribution to productivity and productivity in the union.
the committee will produce an own-initiative report, mr rack.
today parliament adopted a report on general product safety and this is another important step towards strengthening european governance.
they include, for example, nursing and nurturing skills.
we have therefore rejected all the so-called ‘urgent’ advertising of television on television or on boards.
mr president, the second reading on the proposal for this directive on products for products provided to consumers gives me the opportunity to express my delight at the very positive attitude of the european parliament in the matter of consumer protection and the provision of grants.
nevertheless, as this debate has shown, there are such strong views on many of these european issues that perhaps there is a need for a facility to bring them all together.
i ask you: how can you reconcile it with each other that there is a need for this product and at the same time there is a possibility of olive oil being used to subsidise olive oil?
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although i am particularly pleased with the traffic in romania, i am pleased that we have achieved a good result, not least as a result of mr savary's co-operation.
this was sad because i believe that the eu has achieved much good in the world.
we will check whether a stricter regulation is needed.
at present, the commission is playing too modest a role in baltic cooperation.
today we are voting on a motion for a resolution aimed at guaranteeing respect for human rights and acceptable socio-economic conditions for the people of western sahara.
that is how the system works, and i think that this is how it should work.
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
they owe it to all those who have fought for fundamental rights and freedom of the press, and they owe it to my generation who has never anything else to do.
the closure of the reservoir, which has been a haven for the civilised world in the last decade, is a right and extremely important decision.
the postal service is a growing sector.
the security forces enjoy total support.
we are talking about people working in the makeshift sector, the junior and junior doctors themselves.
together with mr brok, mr philippe morillon and others, i had the opportunity to visit the house last summer.
mr president, it was a commitment to afghanistan for five years.
the 2010 budget was adopted under the old treaty but, in respect of the implementation of the 2011 budgetary procedure, the bodies may still have to take steps to implement the budget and the 2011 budgetary procedure and the 2011 budget procedure before the treaty of lisbon enters into force.
one man, one man, said literally to honouring, and your example is extremely urgent.
if only humanitarian actions are carried out for yugoslavia, according to which political criteria are used, then the european parliament uses and nurtures resources from the commission and the council of ministers.
that would enable them to go down the road to the moon, and most of them would be happy to do so.
on monday 28 september, more than 100 people were killed in guinea, as members of the emergency security forces in the host of demonstrators.
these are historic cases and they have all been resolved.
as evidence-related messages can be on packaging, we can rely on them urgently.
i also support the call for the abolition of article pre-emptive of the turkish republic and for the immediate revival of the country.
i gave this matter to the president of the european parliament before christmas.
i can assure her that she can always count on our support on these issues.
the statement by the indonesian government that it continues to open negotiations with us in this way confirms this.
i am sure that the commission agrees with the view that greater public awareness is needed to reduce emissions.
madam president, once again the european parliament is debating a common position adopted by the council on the directive on patenting discards.
but why do we prefer to monitor others, but not ourselves, the member states of the european union?
this misunderstanding is an expression of a general problem which i believe we are facing in our committee.
we have said and repeated that we need a strong cultural factor for the construction of europe, and the carrot is an important and essential element of information and, at the same time, of fostering cultural diversity, giving all the countries the means to convey the message that they must send out.
the scandalous behaviour of malaysia shows that all these things and other measures are urgently needed and implemented as quickly as possible.
if the commission decides to publish the request, the manufacturers mentioned by the honourable member will be able to appeal against the ukraine.
thank you, commissioner.
i should like to put on record that in the last two weeks none of the three members from northern ireland has ever had any idea that things would be different from that of the vote today.
this does not give the impression that these forces are doing enough to drive him and his executives to the narrow extent so that he can be brought to justice.
however, we must point out that there are far-reaching differences between us.
however, i would like to draw your attention to the following: what is happening to our industry of gratitude.
the majority of the government would like to see a prior acknowledgement of a broad and necessary political and social consensus.
the reason why we are holding this debate today is a new development that is an even greater challenge for our area of climate change due to the fact that we are living in an even greater climate change challenge.
it makes sense to adopt a system at member state level because all states must take part in the effort to reduce emissions.
i therefore ask you, commissioner, when the commission will present a plan in which mr barrot, mr verheugen and mr verheugen are shouldering your responsibilities.
they have become second-class people, who are no longer able to speak out in the public and afghanistan was once a subsidy.
that was the only way that this approach had been carried out.
the second alternative is, in my opinion, less costly, even for european citizens and taxpayers.
that is not right now.
i voted in favour of this report, which aims to address inequalities that continue to exist for women in terms of access to specific levels and acquisition of skills, including academic and scientific research and lifelong learning.
unfortunately, there is no place for these children to take on the costs and they need the skills they need.
it should therefore be noted that the existing community efforts are not beyond what has been laid down in the directive on investment in companies and on prices for transactions between associated companies.
as the author is not present, question no 53 lapses.
does the child of a village in a multinational have the same opportunities to find work as the child of a script.
the next item is the report by mr schwaiger on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, security and defence policy on the proposal for a council decision providing macro-financial assistance to bosnia and herzegovina.
this will increase european security, which will not be at the expense of public freedoms that are part of the european way of doing things.
parliament adopted the resolution
but if you will allow me, i will make a number of other interlocutors available during your next visit.
5. common undertaking
the people who do not have the concept of facilities will always be working so much - even if it is reasonable to spend 32 hours working well.
on the one hand, we would have been able to opt for slightly more ambitious targets and, on the other, less ambitious targets for the less qualified.
the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality are central institutions of the institutions in the exercise of the provision of aid, and therefore an integral part of the better.
we want to ensure fair trade, and that means that those who import goods into the european union must meet the same discipline as ours.
the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon is a unique opportunity for significant progress on human rights and democracy, which should henceforth become a central part of a number of areas in the field of foreign policy.
these countries are entitled to choose the pace of opening up their borders and the liberalisation of their economy itself.
we propose that parliament should enter into a strategic dialogue with the european council that we call upon to discuss parliament's recommendations, an appropriate foreign policy strategy and a meeting of the european security and defence policy.
the joint programmes help these countries or regions where there is a problem, or those countries which have to deal with the issue in particular.
parliament can certainly also be satisfied with the codecision procedure and cooperation with the council in the area of food safety.
this increasing lack of scientific rigour and good research means that eu legislation is in place internationally in terms of rigour and credibility.
the second special feature relates to what has been happening for 20 days now and - which is unusual - in terms of the population - a number of young people who live in life during the winter of winter - and which will make the regeneration work that has already begun more difficult.
in fact, they have been much stronger.
as far as i know, none of the countries is calling on the commission to make a clear decision during the dutch presidency or the european finance ministers will be allowed to continue to do so.
the debate is closed.
no reference has been made to this today, but politics can also achieve a great deal with proper public planning.
finally, the management of fish stocks in the most young fish is beginning.
it is relatively new for the african union, and also for the sake of it, not only to be at the table but also to implement these decisions and to take action.
i therefore urge the commission to do all it can to protect romania from the romanian authority in romania.
i assume that the commission has taken careful note of what happened here this morning in the vote on the budget.
pl mr president, the fact that over the last two years it has fallen within the envelope of millions of million-million-million-million-million-million-million-million-million-millions.
you will say exactly something about the agenda and i have very serious problems with the agenda.
we are trying to find a solution here in order to reduce the possible levels of excellence that might arise.
this is why the commission is constantly following this issue, as it has done in accordance with the council's recommendation.
this state of emergency was, in fact, a tragedy which has caused enormous and potentially debilitating damages, but pre-empting the repetition of our coasts to the sea, which is deliberately happening in the sea.
the debate is also about the powers of the eu institutions and about which member states are responsible.
the commission accepted this method and after very hard negotiations and almost a year of work, it is this compromise that we are presenting to the house today for confirmation.
i am more concerned with the fact that the european union can once again acquire authority somewhere in the region than other subjects.
clearly, we are faced with problems in our daily work.
mr president, russia cannot be cited as a model of transition to democracy by comparison with hungary.
although the code attempts to remove both the hierarchy and the promotion of men and women, it relies solely on the voluntary service of governments, entrepreneurs and undertakings.
for us, as for the eu, russia is a strategic partner.
the first part of his report is particularly useful because it provides the conditions under which a complaint can be lodged and the allegations made by the ombudsman about the treatment of the complaints.
the success of our future activities depends on how we explain to public opinion the direct effects and the long-term benefits of enlargement.
we have had years of delay.
in writing. - lt i endorsed this document, because the committee responsible decided to approve the joint undertaking for the implementation of the joint undertaking.
madam president, my thanks to the rapporteur for producing an excellent report.
mr president, mr posselt, not only do i have a lot of catching up to do in order to give me the opportunity, but this morning i also learned that, in portugal, mrs archbishop was tabling an amendment to the rules of procedure in order to put the explanations of vote on mr fatuzzo and mr fatuzzo.
mr president, i do not know under which point of order this is the case, but in my voting list there is another report on the vote - the gröner report.
vice-president of the commission. - mr president, you will not allow me to follow the result of this discussion with us back to brussels after this very clear discussion.
in a word, an ecologically responsible agriculture, as the greens always do.
not all initiatives have sufficient support but they can bring new perspectives into the debate.
in three years' time, practical experience must be a facilitator and we must make use of this for the next three years.
first of all, the renaulation attitude of the renault shipyard should give thought to those who have a connection with france.
it seems to me that the most important priority for the acp countries is not only how they can continue to control the administration of the communities, but how they can continue to lay down their priorities and their own prerogatives as well.
as a result, i hope that the co-legislators will produce a balanced text which ensures a high level of protection for community and community institutions.
as the evaluations are expected to be carried out in autumn 2001, the measures adopted could be implemented much earlier than in 2006.
mr president, this parliament is ready to keep its own house in order.
the definition of a hierarchy is already a problem.
what is the situation today?
however, there are signs of an invasion of organised crime and organised intelent, and i am personally concerned about these dangers, even once.
the chairman of my group referred to the situation in denmark, the referendum on the euro.
it is really vital that we destroy the environment or deliberately destroy the environment which will affect human health, our primitive and otherwise long term damage, all in the interests of the individual.
i would like to thank the european parliament and our colleagues mr brok, mr barón crespo and mr hatzidakis, whom i would like to thank most warmly, for the results of the intergovernmental conference and the programme set up by the heads of state and government in general.
in future, this money must be divided not only among farmers in the eu but also among farmers in the eu in the eu.
it is their own money, and the eu should not unduly limit the parties.
i am pleased that i have been able to contribute to this important progress on the issue of european citizenship.
well, the consumer acquis.
on the subject of an unless complex topic, we have received the documents on 5 september and today, 20 september, there are around a hundred of us who sit here on a friday and make the reform.
however, keeping annex v in the accession treaty means accepting its admission with the approval of enlargement.
i must say quite clearly that the european union's strategy towards russia has failed.
furthermore, it is clear, as the decision passed by parliament a year ago, that there is clearly a harmful effect on society.
as she knows very well, in committee, i tabled 13 amendments, which include hake and more than half of them by accepting the amendment tabled by mr varela on the separation of the two species by the committee.
will this really be in agenda 2000?
however, as mrs berès quite rightly pointed out in her report, we must not introduce instruments of this kind as a replacement for other forms of environmental standards and standards.
i think we have taken an important step in this direction on 22 november.
finally, i am also thinking of the many thousands of young people who want to go to sea.
this is not an issue of as great a value as it was on a number of other points that we discussed this morning.
it is a lengthy process in which it has made steady progress.
we cannot start to put people first, we have to live in peace and, to that end, we must maintain the political authority.
when he presented the matter to the council this week, the presidency again explained in detail his approach and his assessment of the situation.
presidents, ladies and gentlemen, everything that has been said today is important and correct.
technical measures which are used in individual areas differ depending on the conditions in place.
i think that the eu has, by example, increased the level of funding if information is not passed immediately and products.
this issue is laid down in the treaty, but we will have some internal and clear guidelines for parliament's own procedures.
every day, approximately 10 000 people die of asbestos-related diseases in africa and the total number is 35 p.m.
mr president, as i speak, it is estimated that in the european union there are four people dying of the consequences of the seven.
firstly, it is a resolution that is important to croatia.
it strengthens the sense of belonging to the european union by building on our common roots.
we must prevent the prevention of volunteers who can go hand in hand with job creation.
he has worked very successfully on all his achievements during the difficult debate on the european union budget for 2011 in accordance with the new treaty of lisbon.
instead, they represent a barrier to the internal market.
however, like this one, a debate is immediately going to hold a debate.
that is why we say that the european union and the united states of america have different objectives.
there is no point in the fact that two days before parliament is trying to reach a compromise on the text on which a compromise was reached in the trialogue with the presidency and mr frattini is not appropriate either.
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
that is how we can make the community better progress.
madam president, here in strasbourg we are in strasbourg in the special tradition of robert facilitation, and not only was it a step towards economic integration that has now been crowned with the euro, but a step towards political integration.
this time round, perhaps even with an even stronger group, we will place particular emphasis on the prevention and dynamism of our pledges.
i would like to try and express my feelings of sorrow and gratitude to you for showing me the importance of success.
because of the time available to me, i would just like to highlight some of them.
mr president, mr vice-president of the commission, ladies and gentlemen, as regards the issue of relief, we have to make two points.
the debate is closed.
the challenges in this region are becoming acute.
i think you have given some very good information.
no, it does not!
this also includes the translation of all official and expertise.
with this cooperation between the pact and the facilitation, we are creating preconditions for the european union to conclude the european union and to ensure that it is brought into line with the european union legally.
on the other hand, we know that it costs us up to eur 50 million a year in the treatment of stocks of seven.
the period before the next reform of the treaties is therefore to be used in the best possible way to respond to the questions and scepticism in the member states who have repeatedly asked for this system to be developed.
according to the report of the dates, the victims of trafficking in human beings from various social backgrounds are from the very well educated to the bottom, from the most highly-trained to the bottom, from the very young, to the elderly.
in view of this, at least, there should be a level playing field in europe.
if such high levels of funding were such a high level of financing, there would be a risk that certain member states would not tolerate their national responsibilities, which would lead to discrimination within the union.
mr president, the alde group supports mr ó asensio's report on this report.
the eu should be more strongly committed to democracy and human rights in these countries and to efforts to do so.
it is an old and global problem that concerns many countries that are more or less developed.
it is a big difference whether we are talking about a tight level of reserves, such as in the netherlands, where the population is concentrated in the country where the population is concentrated, or whether the same population lives on a level playing field on thousands of islands, such as in greece and in very different areas, as is the case in france.
in the embassies of the eu countries in the capital capital, they include, for example, great store by many commitments attached to them.
i welcome mr nicholson's support on this issue.
in this regard, too, it is only the common-sense european subsidy that is emerging.
i would particularly like to thank the austrian presidency and the commission and certainly all the shadow rapporteurs from all the political groups for their very constructive cooperation.
could we please ask the reinstatement which is the other side of the internal market and works for our businesses and our citizens.
and of course it is also a question of reducing the impact of 'prevention' and keeping the skills of the people in reserve.
studies have shown that rising fish stocks in the housing sector are largely due to primitive levels.
support was given to the philippines and uganda.
this would weaken the project of political europe and would also jeopardise cohesion.
as the report states, the implementation of the common fisheries policy depends very much on the involvement of fishermen and their organisations in the decision-making process, which is why it is essential to make progress in co-decision-making.
during the negotiations, in the seychelles, the commission urged the commission to postpone this transition in order to avoid distortions of competition in terms of non-discrimination, which will soon enter into force and in which the distribution will become permanent.
this is a state of affairs that we must aim to encourage directly from the measures taken by the exporting countries.
i think it is reasonable for funds to be used from the community budget or other community funding in order to achieve an economic balance.
the european union has a role to play in this, as was the case with the campaign for a general ban on the provision laid down by the panel of presidents.
there are those, the dutch and the reformists who are taking up the battle with this enterprise.
on the subject of equality, we are all of the opinion that globalisation is happening but, unlike the previous speaker, i believe that we need to grasp the right measures.
of course, in a vacuum such as this, either there will be nothing for a long time in such a vacuum, and in this case nato, with both humanitarian and contemptible intentions, will be punished.
the member states need good reasons to transfer the eu powers and responsibilities.
we want both.
i would remind you that in 25 years of violence in ireland, a journalist was never attacked or murdered.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we have before us a motion for a resolution expressing the concerns of all the political groups in this chamber.
mr president, after all, we must remain faithful to our determination in all circumstances, or we must also be interested in it.
in this way, and provided the rules are obeyed, fish stocks will not be able to cope and will be able to make sustainable use of these resources.
as other speakers have said, the polluter-pays principle must be applied.
furthermore, an animal really cannot read whether the case is suitable for this or that animal or whether it is a protected species.
there is no need to hold this debate today.
in other member states, this is regarded as a political imperative.
it was not only a progressive move because it contributes to the democratisation of polish society as a union for greater worker influence in the workplace and better care and care and childcare.
the new government in the united states has relaunched these relations.
the commission has reacted in five months now that it has verified that it is actually being harmless.
parliament has also set itself ambitious targets.
a majority of the population is open, nurtied, and more and more people are open to it.
first of all, in its foreign policy, the european union must promote the more efficient use of energy by making it one of its priorities.
ladies and gentlemen, although the adoption of the charter of fundamental rights in nice last year represents a step forward for human rights in the european union, it is merely a matter of protection for every citizen.
that is the problem, and so we are not talking about cooperation in the field of justice.
this situation, combined with the rise in unemployment, is one of the visible sides of the capitalist crisis that we are currently experiencing, and it is particularly responsible for the growing number of workers who live in poverty because their wages are too low for their livelihood.
why has a single market not been established, and why should individual clubs be able to compete at european level?
mr president, these forest fires in malaysia and indonesia are not hilt.
needless to say, this is not the way to achieve any political space in europe.
the abolition of market governance instruments cannot be put forward as one of the means of simplification.
this progress has to be seen in a wide variety of diseases, such as relief and relief as a result of made' s state-building malaysian massacre.
this is also contrary to that.
madam president, in your words yesterday and today you have once again fulfilled your representative office and your humanity, and i thank you on behalf of the socialist group.
without these same banks and without them, there would be no economic success.
since 11 september, there has also been an increase in the emphasis laid on the seppänen report and in your draft directive, as well as those we are now faced with.
i believe, as does the commission, that article 129 cannot be used as a basis for harmonising laws and policies.
there is no contact between the albanian population and the sub-organizations and both parties are in fact solidly solidly in their own accord, and especially in the balkans, if they are negotiated with each other.
if they have to leave, we will have to deal with the problems associated with it.
during his first years of responsibility, the main focus of this programme was supply.
decision on urgency
that would mean a reduction in the number of projects that can be funded.
it also insists on respect for the following principles banning the use of human beings, or parts of the human being, in accordance with the principles of facilitation, as well as the prohibition of the use of human embryos with the same genetic information as another human being.
the eu also made it clear that the american government and the american people can count on full solidarity and cooperation in the further fight against terrorism.
written statements rule 142
that is not the only issue, however, when we talk about the annual report and i think it is up to the president to answer mr duisenberg.
and when the issue of trade is a reduction in the number of consecutive measures, we say no to the alignment of convenience, which is tantamount to emphasising.
we must protect our fellow citizens and our businesses.
this particular model of individual freedom, coupled with the degree of security, is the european union's watchword in this respect.
this will enable us all to have our best experience in dealing with the issues that concern us all at heart, whether the millennium development goals or the needs of very poor people in one of the unfortunate parts of the world.
the common objective of allowing two states, israel and palestine, to live in peace and security must not be given up because of the tragic events of recent days.
in this regard, as with the group of residents of the group of the greens/european free alliance, this kind of scaremongering - i am replacing myself elsewhere - that is, in this case in poland, where this company is concerned.
i believe that the report focuses on the emphasis placed on micro-enterprises and more specifically on high-grade and important skills.
that is what we need.
many of the provisions in the report and, above all, their implementation are extremely important for the development of relations between europe and africa.
this shows how important it is to direct consumer decisions and to apply the principle of the internalisation of costs efficiently.
today we are talking about a conflict between two.
the european commission representative admitted this on the eve of the kidnapping, which is why we are asking for this protection to be extended to vessels.
i would like to call the brave shoots of afghanistan, and the european parliament, and above all the women, supports all organisations, all the projects that can improve the situation of women in afghanistan.
the new code for the protection of children is being disseminated through the training of staff and staff of the institutions involved - judges, ministry of social assistance, with unmik and nurseries institutions - and, of course, with great support from him.
the request from the government of guinea-bissau was made very late and our directives suggest that we should be prepared at an early stage in order to ensure that the process is properly and fairly run.
it was only a small decision, and that is the point - everything else must be done first.
over the last five years, about 20% of funds have been wasted.
given the extremely important role played by the duma in recent events in russia, the fact that a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee is being held here in strasbourg today and tomorrow is so important.
that is the only thing we can do.
in particular, i would like to draw attention to the proposal for a european parameter, a proposal which is crucial for the protection of stockpiles, the monitoring of fishing, support for the implementation and, above all, the monitoring of compliance with international work and, of course, the importance of the immigration problems.
on transparency, i expect a balance to be achieved in setting up the european external action service.
may everyone analyse the economic development of the last few years and, if they are objectively, it will be judged on the basis of the figures that are not politically politically motivated, politically speaking.
all of this is fine, but it is not the same thing.
that is a big task.
sv mr president, mr romano prodi, on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left/nordic green left, mr romano prodi, on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left - nordic green left, i would like to press for urgency.
too this failure is sufficient to europe.
that is how democracy works in the making.
it must be approved unanimously by the council, it is a strict conditionality and it is the responsibility of all the self-determinants themselves.
the european parliament also wanted to be informed of the commission's intentions regarding the provision of information to address the priorities of the new interinstitutional agreement on budgetary discipline and sound management and, in particular, the measures advocated by parliament during the negotiations.
the honourable member emphasizes the importance of preventive measures in her report, which will also be a feature of the commission's proposal.
i am also pleased that the commissioner responsible for our neighbourhood policy, mr frattini, is in the chamber.
since many of us have discussed the issue of the blacklisting of terrorists and assets in the past, the law must be fair and effective if it is to remain credible and sustainable and to be supported by the public.
there is a real danger that pregnant workers or those who are unemployed will be affected in the current circumstances.
every road on the roads is a victim and i therefore ask for your support for my motion.
to that end we should support them; it is called democracy.
such a degree cannot be attributed to european productions.
these are two areas that do not always arise, but we must take this problem into account in our society.
madam president, i have always believed that a regulation in this area, preferably within the internal market, would be very useful and not necessarily subject to agreements with third countries.
you are right to point out that we have a very large number of votes, and obviously we have votes, with which we have a permanent vote in favour.
i would just like to remind you that we have had a very important debate on strengthening democracy within the eu.
earlier, the issue of credit rating agencies and stress tests was discussed.
what is the added value of our researcher?
the money is there.
this new system will be a valuable asset for the citizens and the environment of an enlarged union.
pupils are hardly asked or encouraged.
reducing global poverty by 50% by the year 2015 presents us with major challenges in the years ahead.
first of all, as has already been said by previous speakers, you are in favour of openness, and hence of openness, of democratic principles and of comprehensive controls, legislation, information and communication.
we must not just face up to these tasks but also resolve them in such a way that we can give security to our citizens and respond to their concerns and concerns.
i think this could be a valuable point.
mr president, i would like to conclude by saying that we have been saving for many years to save but that today we have a generosity of generosity.
the watchword in iraq is one of the oldest in the world, and we are talking about nurturing languages.
es mr president, my speech deals with an issue that has not yet been debated.
we have not simply been able to do what we can with the tacis programme, nor with the decommissioning process, and we have had to reconcile conflicting objectives.
the international stock exchanges currently pay a high price for economic compliance.
capitalism is preparing to lay the foundations for the protection of the interests of the multinational companies, which will protect the interests of the multinationals, the human tragedy and adapting each of them in the intervention of imperialist centres.
citizens must feel safe in europe.
generally speaking, the stock exchanges are very keen on good news because it increases inflation in inflation.
i realize that this is very short-term for your services, and i apologise for that.
the debate is closed.
that is why i am voting in favour of the majority of the gue/ngl group in favour of the eu taking on responsibilities in the north-west of the republic of macedonia.
enlargement is a historic success.
commissioner, please do not give us the same old statement that the member states are responsible for implementation and auditing.
the aim of the technical study is not to identify the responsibility and responsibility but rather to look at the causes with a view to improving the severity of the programme and the need for it.
with regard to the fisheries agreement with greenland, it is clear that many scottish exporters in recent days are concerned that it is not subject to the common fisheries policy.
a journalist stood up and said to them: 'we have received the message that three names were mentioned by people who are to be appointed in may.
i have to say that i think it is easier to adopt a liberal asylum policy in europe than in the netherlands.
one of the agreements reached between myself and vice-president ashton was about the need to include a development and an extension in the agreement in order to take account of the possibility of obligation.
in writing. - the conservative delegation has always supported attempts to open up markets and promote cross-border trade between eu member states.
i therefore call on the european commission to reconsider its position and to sit down together to examine this proposal for a directive.
he has expressed the willingness of his government to grant support and access to the waters of ukraine.
in this respect, scientific support will also have to be expressed although other aspects of the environment and working conditions must be taken into account.
what now threatens to be done is in vain.
nevertheless, i would like to reiterate my full commitment to the fight against hiv/aids.
we must therefore ensure that the relevant rules are effective and balanced.
that is why we did not sign this text and put forward our own resolution of our own.
most of us know that.
as an institution, it will support the implementation of the new common fisheries policy, which will be undertaken to implement and implement more effective control and regulation.
the year 1999, not that this year, but the report that was presented last year, contained an example that does not seem to be very surprising, namely that the three largest assets in the world today are in line with the total population of all the least developed countries, with their total population of 600 million inhabitants.
by contrast, two spanish clubs can put more than half of their money into their own pockets.
of course, you have the right to tell the house how you have voted, but that does not alter the outcome of the vote.
mr president, article 129b states that the tens must contribute to economic and social cohesion.
the original proposal was put forward to ensure that the card is now available and not just one particular vehicle.
i cannot therefore vote in favour of this regulation or of the report.
this explains the high quality of the report you have drawn up, which was unanimously adopted by parliament.
mr president, i think that all our thoughts have been expressed and that they must be shouldered to those who have lost their lives: to the united nations, to the people of haiti itself, to the people who are suffering, even though they are still alive.
in 2008, and this is without saying that there was a great deal of support for the creation of a social division and loss of life.
there were criminal acts on both sides.
if you propose a sound policy in january, and you can find an appropriate degree of assistance, then you will find an ally in your expertise.
it was not only through the efforts of the dissidents that it was destroyed, not even by the pressure of the extra, but mainly by the actions of the members of the communist party, which were advocating change, democracy and the implementation of human rights.
i myself had a rough fall in the air for myself, in which i had a subsidy.
if olaf does not bring results, we can continue to discuss it.
then europe must know what it wants and what is not to be negotiated under international pressure.
i must say to the council that we in the european parliament have certainly given the opportunity for ourselves and for the way in which we look at the 2011 budget.
one could be pleased with this and see it as a sign that our fellow citizens are satisfied.
we will not make any progress unless we are able to put in place protection measures - the protection and the preservation of the environment - by other means by offering other people to approve it or not.
it is clear that there is a facility in luxembourg for the level of responsibility in this area.
he is a remarkably resourceful man and he nurtured it.
as far as the solution is concerned, the solution adopted will also allow the designer to retain a product made from potatoes or potatoes, without banning production from other establishments.
it is not just a few politicians or groups of political groups that are saying this.
there were far too few female interventions, and there are still too many of them.
if, for example, we lay down standards that differ according to the weight of the heading, car manufacturers can meet this standard by making their cars more difficult.
you create a new one.
i note some continuity on the part of the council, for example with renewed horizontal ventures, which are strengthened this time by the so-called ‘independent" .
the environmental protection requirement imposes great constraints on our societies. however, we do not have sufficient emphasis on the new prospects that protect the environment.
it is a question of justice, and it is complementary to support.
as far as the level of preparedness is concerned, our policy must have ambitious but ambitious objectives so that european companies can compete more effectively on world markets.
for other reasons, you are rejecting the involvement of the european union and nato, so that you can support the legitimate government and ask those concerned to do the matter under you.
the council maintains that restrictions on the freedom of movement of palestinians must be limited to actions that are really necessary for the israeli authorities.
my second point is that it is important to maintain and intensify the path of strengthening small and medium-sized enterprises.
an outward attempt by the outside world, which is happening here as well as elsewhere in the pursuit of geopolitical objectives which we all too often turn a blind eye.
da mr president, it is not long since the european court of justice established that germany should make the provision of occupational pensions more transparent and transparent.
some ministers - not everyone - would have preferred it if there had been no proposal at all, if there had been no suggestion at all, that there would be no interest in a part of the ministers in the cultural field, even if they prove to be extremely attractive, and they are not committed to it.
this is necessary.
the aim is to meet the challenges of sectoral policy.
i would like to turn your attention to what relates to the first amendment as well.
in addition to cutting down on one particular undertaking, there is also a need for a subsidy.
i am convinced that competition is a healthy product for both parties and for the world as a whole.
pt mr president, this period should be a complete change in the policy and priorities of the european union.
what will happen next.
this commitment to the european union's representations in developing countries has yielded positive responses both to the community representation and the civil society organisations, and it is important that we are for the first time in connection with disability in connection with development policies and development aid.
that is why the appropriate monitoring of humanitarian aid at this stage is particularly important, and we are dealing specifically with this issue, both in bilateral contacts with the democratic people's republic of korea and in relations with which our aid is allocated in that country.
i hope my right assessment will not prove to be correct.
at the moment, human activities, particularly industrial and economic activities, are to be taken into account only to a very small extent.
i would prefer to say that he is very resourceful as, despite the improvements, he contains many of the previous texts.
the member states support the approach proposed by the commission and confirm its intention to cooperate closely with the european parliament in order to ensure formal adoption of the text during its presidency and the swedish presidency.
in the worst cases, these texts simply ensure that existing national legislation is supplemented by provisions without any european dimension.
mr president, i am pleased that my report on the white paper in this house receives such broad support.
first of all, i would like to reiterate that the italian presidency is undertaking, on several occasions, in parliament and in the intergovernmental conference, the theme of the bureau.
the third point concerns resources.
i will inform the college of commissioners about what has happened here today.
we will give up resistance if there is to be a crackdown on the cooperation of governments or on the formation of foundations on our continent which are blocking each other.
when we talk about people with disabilities, there is a tendency to provide certain services for people with disabilities, but to create separate accommodation for them.
on the contrary, the conflict is spreading from chechnya to the whole of the river basin.
however, there are some aspects that i would like to focus on and on which a clear position should be taken.
as the rapporteur also points out in his explanatory statement, the council has needed more than six months since the european parliament's first reading to achieve unanimity for a common position.
they are creatures in the winter of winter and others and they are now crying out for themselves.
ladies and gentlemen, in recent days i have had the opportunity to speak with the russian side - with mr prodi, as well as with mr hammeris.
ladies and gentlemen, this is also an important bond for europe, for our society.
denmark is also mentioned a few times in the annual report, and that is a few times to be found.
it is the commission which must assess whether a law of a country is in line with the acquis communautaire.
however, the negotiations in the european commission are still in secret.
what happens in the area of export exports?
as you know, we also have a budget for the whole budget.
i can only imagine that it is a wish to secure the systems rather than patients needing treatment.
i will tell the young people that we need education and training.
different regions have very different problems in terms of geographic location, migration, and so on. however, we should bear in mind what has been said by my polish fellow members, romano mauinsė and mr barrot, on the tendency to find funds in the centres of the regions.
in each specific case, it is the crime that determines the crime that is under legal responsibility.
we need to focus on innovation, which should be done in the area of intellectual property rights and which are appropriate to improve the internal market while respecting the sovereignty of the member states.
mr president, together with the committee on the environment, i fully support the commission's views.
thank you very much, commissioner.
subject: support for the concept of life through concrete measures
however, with the latter, there has been an opportunity to improve information for patients.
we need skills that are suitable for weather conditions and so that they can be put in place quickly and quickly.
it requires the support of every single community.
we expect lower growth rates from other parties.
as a consequence, i regret the commission's applied to universal service and call on it to finally present a comprehensive and strong directive on this issue which is crucial for the future.
i should like to give the following reply to the honourable member's question.
the third point that we need to discuss, however, is the modernisation of the institutional organisation of the european union.
i take the opportunity to draw the commission's attention to this phenomenon in adopting or rejecting our amendments.
this initiative is mainly concerned with what will happen in the field of research in the future on the internet.
thank you very much, commissioner.
the rapporteur, mr gollnisch, has had to press ahead with the insistence on the liberalisation and privatisation of unmik as well as on others who want to see a number of new conditions in romans.
subject: progress in road safety
mr president, commissioner, it is a good thing that combined transport, as planned, is not being dealt with shortly before, but it is one of the top-life periods for mobility.
perhaps the administration also bears responsibility as a result of its qualifications, which must be informated, consulted or impose penalties in the event of a failure to provide information, advice or penalties for infringements of penalties.
in fact, there is only one figure in the area, which is that of authorisations, although not a few member states would have achieved the benefits that this country has achieved in other areas of public finances.
i believe that both projects and sustainability objectives can be important tools for businesses.
i am concerned about what is happening in the baltic sea region in particular, and i think we need to ensure that these stocks are also able to cope with them, and that we should begin to make serious efforts to ensure that fishing in the baltic sea is carried out in a sustainable manner.
the procedure and timetable will make it difficult for the commission to be elected in two stages, and for the present parliament to remain a short one, and two different treaties will be applied.
i did not do this in accordance with the rules of procedure and i therefore think that mr bösch - and i think he was quite wrong in this respect - have made the whole explanatory statement and i have to say that i think he is quite right in saying that he has persistently said so again and again that his own group has said so again and again.
i would therefore like to take this opportunity to suggest that we really look at eurostat in a constructive way, and not in the same way as we have seen in eurostat in recent years.
in this context, parliament is showing the courage and determination of the leaders in the demonstrations and expressing their condolences and solidarity with the families of the victims.
the level of subsidy, which today is an important asset in finland and tomorrow in another country, are, in reality, reminiscent of very strong political emphasis.
as far as commitment appropriations are concerned, i would remind you that, according to the council's opinion, the 2008 budget should provide an appropriate level of support for the implementation of the funds.
the level of precaution is significant.
the negotiators from south africa have a really remarkable compromise in their own country in a very difficult situation.
yesterday's enemies, however, are the world's neighbours, but the european project is today suffering the best response that can be given to the constitution, to the extent of which i have helped to formulate and to the constitution.
for me, that was an interesting initiative.
we in the european union have a moral duty but this aid should never be forthcoming.
the united kingdom is already being granted shelter and asylum seekers from both non-eu countries and non-eu nationals.
the draft report also proposes to develop the year 2006 as the european year against violence and to develop further initiatives in a broad public debate, to stop the lethal virus violence.
there is no better basis for peaceful and stable development in this region than a breakthrough on the road to democracy.
as a result, women's participation in the labour market was high in relation to the current eu countries.
for these reasons, this report deserves our support.
the next item is the short presentation of the report by mrs dührkop, on behalf of the committee on budgetary control, on monitoring the implementation of the instrument for 2007-2013 in 2007.
similarly, we need a society with a free press, a free press.
however, i believe that this date is perfectly acceptable because, when it comes to environmental objectives, the problems faced by all those concerned must be taken into account in southern europe.
this will prevent the same thing happening as with the bureau.
the report calls for the abandonment of historical sustainability by 2020 and calls for a rigorous, objective criteria as a replacement for the current regulation.
mr president, i should like to start by thanking mr liikanen.
it is already a waste of time that the number of redundant workers as a result of so-called 'urgent' the commission's initial estimates of the number of workers benefiting from the fund has substantially decreased.
parliament is committed, because we have all been committed for years.
no amendments have been proposed.
i hope that president klaus will bail him out whenever the czech constitutional court has any remaining doubts in place.
how can we accept that the leader of the lebanese authority, romano timor, after a process which remembers the processes of rwanda for more than four years, has been detained literally for four years in a veritable assiduraiding, simply because he did not want to leave lebanon and was not prepared to be a minister?
it is obvious that the numerous general european rules on whistleblowing, which european consumers find difficult to navigate.
i do not think it is necessary.
the strengthening of european research will enable these countries to join the community at various levels and also benefit from the experience of integration.
the bottom line is that the buildings in the rural areas of poland were mainly out of kilter.
parliament is once again demonstrating its commitment and backing to the sub-sphere.
the british government did not have the opportunity to gather experience with sis i for reasons that she himself knows best.
we are therefore making a small step forward but we are still demanding a little more than the treaty.
today's vote cannot do anything about this.
the threshold values for the presence of gmos in both texts should be consistent.
it is no coincidence that, during every natural disaster, the ordinary people have died and their homes, lived and fraternished.
if they do, this issue will be closed until 5.30 p.m.
i have to say to mr poignant that this is a matter that has nothing to do with this directive.
member of the commission. - madam president, i believe that we all have a common goal, namely to strike a balance between the economic efficiency of these systems and the protection of small ones.
for their part, the member states must act immediately and transpose legislation into national law.
as more than fifteen members have asked for speaking time, we will now hear the first five speeches.
experience has shown us that trade in decommissioning does not lead to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, the opposite is true.
i also consider it very important for the commission to put into practice the measures proposed in connection with the protection of intellectual property.
i believe that this type of measure will serve to create pension schemes that serve the interests of the facilitator and not to advance public pension schemes in favour of european citizens.
here europe must make its contribution to the diversification and modernisation of latin america, which includes plans for technology transfer and capacity-building, so as to provide the best possible environment for investment in a comparable framework of legal certainty for integration and, as a springboard for all, to eradicating poverty, inequality and exclusion.
i have listened carefully to your interventions and noticed that parliament has acted almost unanimously.
we are disappointed with the reduction of the expected ecu 700 million to ecu 1.100 million - which of course has led to the submission of proposals - of which more than one-third are to be spent on bse.
written statements rule 149
mr president, i would also like to thank the rapporteur and mrs grossetête, the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs.
the report on the reform of the programme was on the agenda in february and the reports on rural development and on the programmes were discussed in november.
it is an integral part of the three institutions.
that is why i do not understand the concerns that have been expressed, especially when it concerns small and medium-sized enterprises, because they are not bound to do so on this point.
as the first member of the commission, the first of these meetings will be possible.
i believe that, by means of a structured stabiliser, we must enable these losses to be put back on their feet.
my second point is that we are talking here about energy resources.
it has gradually taken on board the role of a comprehensive development policy and progress in general, but it has considered or does not measure environmental sustainability or social integration.
in so doing, we will continue to play a decisive role in the troika in preparing the ground and in the programme for discussions to continue with.
we have absolutely nongeorgian support.
the commission proposal lays down - and this is a legally binding obligation laid down for the member states - that it should have the same level of protection as people employed in a self-employed capacity.
i think that it is just as important to look at the situation in the united kingdom as it is in the united kingdom and we are told that we are very keen to handle money very carefully.
the united states government was very keen on it, because it felt that the introduction of such measures would be a unilateral step and would give impetus to our new and multilateral approach.
turkey, in turn, must fulfil the copenhagen criteria and the commitments it has entered into.
bulgaria has done its utmost to waive the immunity of members of parliament and the leading role of the prosecutor in most investigations.
we must work on this.
the fact is that what the majority of members of this house are defending is freedom of reinsertion and freedom of expression, even freedom for drugs, for the morals of ten commanders and for the elderly, for which parliament neither attaches nor allegiance.
the recently published report of the european union which our rapporteur mentioned confirms the value, the viability and the potentially positive effects of such a fund on our own resources and on our behalf.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports on criminal law and on request.
i therefore welcome the adoption today of mr florenz's report which strengthens the european commission's objective of achieving an 85% tolerance rate in the whole of the union and from between 50% and 75% to 75% depending on the type of contract.
this is why the eu firmly believes in the principle of additionality and proportionality.
the eu and its negotiating partners are all striving for a diplomatic solution to the iranian authorities, and in this respect, we must continue to follow the same line of departure.
in order to find a solution to this situation, we need programmes to promote social inclusion.
i will conclude by expressing my hope that in the next debate on this subject in the european parliament, there will be not just the essence but also the common position.
. mr president, i will be able to respond to the main observations of a number of members, which i hope will be forthcoming.
however, every endeavour at all times is to be sought if that is not a guarantee of a job.
therefore, i firmly believe that we should continue to act within the framework of the united nations.
otherwise, it is a type of blackmail involving the approval of the european union and the european parliament.
you are very clear that you will drive forward new ideas for the future.
these include the closure of nuclear facilities and the activities connected with it at sellafield and the level of development.
that was the first challenge.
we must, of course, draft a good definition.
hence our vote against.
the projects' proposals in the text are neither adequate nor all-embracing, but at least they are there.
the most significant step forward is the recognition of the european investment fund.
it is important because, as is evident from the floods, it is estimated that approximately 10.5% of global health problems will be created, and that it will increase to 15% by 2020.
one achievement will be if it is based on social security and reform channels.
what happened during the period between the first 2001 proposal and this second proposal is not a good example of european policy.
i should also like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market and its bureau.
i can only promise you that we have learned the lessons of the past.
the quota system is complex and could only have worked for producers who have a facility to invest in this 20 pledges.
it is a matter of urgency.
in fact, this figure consisted of more than 100 pieces of european union legislation blocked by the british government.
we are convinced that there will be significant progress in the legislative framework with the commitment of the swedish presidency and then of the belgian presidency.
we all agree on this.
why do we not deal with the problem in his own?
the inclusion of equality between men and women is also welcome.
for example, there is a failure to tackle problems associated with decommissioning projects, and it would have been desirable for stronger measures to protect copyright.
what is now no longer compatible is the solutions that are being considered.
we all know that foot and mouth disease is difficult to control, but its effects on european agriculture, as well as on other areas of the european economy, require the establishment and implementation of controls.
in writing. - it international public opinion has been shaken by the recent tragic events in rome.
as has already been said, of course, there is no sign of any.
it amounts to a subsidy.
ro as chairman of the committee on the environment, public health and food safety, allow me to make some comments on the impact of climate change on agriculture.
the accompanying measures to the fisheries agreement are only technical and political guidelines and the european institutions must not unilaterally become the right to control measures which fall exclusively within the national remit of the islamic federal republic.
we shall now proceed to the vote.
i just wanted to draw attention to the fact that mr dell' s predecessor was abstaining on this proposal.
these are the same people who are putting a reign of emphasis on criminals and terrorists who are threatened with the proliferation of dangerous substances, thus forcing others to implement it.
the victim of one of his victims, josé frattini, who has been killed and who has just been living in a peaceful and democratic country, has just been applauding him.
the promotion of stability in europe and the promotion of sustainable economic development are the other priorities for new initiatives for the year 2004.
the proposal is not viable in practice and if the animals have abandoned the eu, it is not.
the european parliament has not raised these issues, which were not addressed in its first reading, because it was largely of the opinion that the article aimed at capacity-building was adopted in relation to olaf, where there was manipulative manipulation that was being manipulated in the press.
it is the fault of the people who are responsible for this system.
for the first time in history, we have the same things for both the olympic and the match, which allows careful planning and savings.
what are the principles of today that we could do within.
we are not only entering into the european union moroccan group, but also from other third countries.
this issue is part of a dialogue on the future, for without women, europe has no future.
i would like to emphasise that, as long as there is poverty in the world - and billions of people live on less than a dollar a day - we cannot expect to resolve this problem in the european union.
i can see that you have a number of very important objectives, which include employment, of course.
mr president, if we have heard what mrs randzio-plath has said, it is clear that both the commission and the member states attach very little importance to the periphery.
how this is to be done at the present time will be forthcoming.
i know that some of your colleagues are certainly interested in the commission - and i slow to remind you of this - because you are doing some things.
we do not just condemn the executions and the disappearance, but we also insist that the indian government should carry out independent and independent investigations and ensure that it is given the evidence.
in fact, the differences between the regions of the union are increasing and it has been increasing for some time.
these developments are in line with a greater pattern of repression and political expediency against opposition parties against civil society, the media and nurseries.
these tasks are arising from the treaty of amsterdam and the opinions adopted by the european parliament on this.
therefore, i would like to repeat what the commissioner said, that it is important not to suspend the agreement.
the committee on civil liberties, justice and home affairs voted on 5 october on its opinion.
in conclusion, i would like to stress that if we want to make progress in this area, we must rely on closer cooperation with those who have the will to do so, and the others who do not want it.
consequently, the directive can meet our citizens' great expectations of public health and the environment and we must not allow them to do so.
in october a council was devoted to research.
the lack of an integrated maritime policy has been the root cause of a systematic shipping policy in the european union, although we should be aware that it is an extraordinarily large labour market.
we have ensured a europe of values.
a number of institutions are aiming for considerable state-building facilities.
the mechanisms for reporting and the frequency of the facilities must be subordinated to this objective.
it is encouraging the eu to push ahead with the elimination of all forms of discrimination against girls and to provide adequate resources to sustain the consequent degree of relief.
however, i would like to make a more specific point.
on behalf of the commission, i once again invited the social partners to take every opportunity to improve the framework for these measures.
i would therefore like to thank you for the two or three headings which have given rise to a certain degree of impetus, which i would like to take the opportunity to take the floor once again.
i therefore share the president-in-office's view on this matter.
i would now like to draw three recommendations from this.
i voted in favour of this proposal because i believe that the eu will benefit from this, because a well-functioning public procurement market is essential to support the development of the single market, incentivising innovation and promote greater environmental and social integration throughout europe.
we will examine how the eu can continue to contribute to the peace process in the short and medium term.
in several consecutive speeches, the european parliament has stressed that china must also join the eu.
it is precisely in application of these principles that the presidency intends to give new impetus to the examination of the commission's proposals on the community accession to the convention on nuclear safety and the common international convention on the safety of shipments of waste and radioactive waste.
secondly, what is your view on the fact that we have different measures within the union in the fight against alcohol?
although there are improvements in terms of definitions and conditions for transport, these improvements are obviously still insufficient.
i therefore voted in favour.
european taxpayers must regain confidence.
we must be able to create the right conditions to bring child children into line with the work.
given that its level of detention is limited, this responsibility falls mainly under the remit of non-inaction.
europe must keep pace and we must focus on our strengths in this 21st century of globalisation.
for 50 years he has not rejected this declaration but merely explained what everyone knows that the italian communist party and socialism as a whole were inextricably linked to the fate of the socialist camp.
it is a grant without a qualification to what is happening in stockholm.
the security council must be opposed to it.
i fully supported the commission's proposal on european citizenship.
until now, social cohesion has been at the heart of european union policies.
the directives are in place and it is now up to the member states to apply them and to monitor their implementation.
i do indeed believe that the fight for the defence of european diversity and diversities is still one of the most modern aspects of the struggle that civilisation has against barbarism.
this would de facto mean a grant without involving parliament.
voting for and prioritising and harmonising the rules is crucial.
we have several instruments that we can work with. it is a matter of unfair demand, and it is precisely the taxpayer who is at the heart of this directive.
my group strongly opposes this development.
i would like to ask mrs reding a few questions.
i would like to thank all the speakers for their very constructive comments and give them a series of answers concerning the waste that was referred to earlier in connection with the portfolio that was referred to earlier: this is due to the directive, thereby ensuring that consequences, especially water, are maintained.
we must be able to do even better in the proposal for the directive, for example that the situation in the candidate countries should be given greater consideration as well as the issues surrounding the neighbouring regions of the european union.
precisely because ukraine aspires to be a member of the eu one day, i am deeply appalled at the way in which the recent local elections have run out.
there is no alternative to what he said.
so we can once again hold this debate with those who really do hold responsibility, and who do not believe it is simply a matter of having to set standards.
member states have taken various measures in comparable situations.
mr president, i will be ready in one minute.
the current eu machinery would be catastrophic for these countries and a serious obstacle to their accession.
in economically good times, the budget deficits are not in place.
and that is why today there is a call today for a tax which you call praise.
it is estimated, as the rapporteur has just said, of 500 000 accidents per year outside the level of expertise.
both the council and parliament have had a difficult mandate this year, and it was not easy to find common ground.
the rapporteur, mrs malmström, has done an excellent job under the clear influence of ngos and has set ambitious environmental targets.
she has not been seen for several days, in fact since the end of may, when reports were reported to have been murdered by the army of the junta, it was a subsidy.
the first large state to be placed on the list of the richest countries is the united states, because it is taking the extraordinary train from which it is dragged out of strength, even though it has enormous autonomy and autonomy for itself.
we would stress, however, that we reject the means recommended in the report for combating racism and xenophobia.
we know many examples of good programmes, but many of them have not been fully implemented.
we do not want industry reform; we want european films to be more visible.
this is more or less what happened in a diminution to the number of doubling and the police force them to cease all round.
but my personal note is that you will also allow me to vote in favour of these amendments, just as my group will be voting for them.
in particular, i am thinking in particular of the emphasis on the choice of consumer choice and on the dependence of distributors on these.
however, it is essential to take account of the legislative provisions and the role and importance of national parliaments.
of course, the tensions and the controversies of prudence hinder this approach.
she said it was important to collect and record knowledge.
another concern is a clearer formulation of the existing rules, because our aim must be to review the demand for less state aid.
in writing. - fr at a time when food prices are in very great respect, a european parliament resolution is becoming more necessary than ever.
the objective must be that cross-border recognition should be given across borders and that an international framework is set up.
it is to be regretted that the attitude of the political groups and mrs randzio-plath only leads to questions of principle and the risk that we would be running in the event that these ceilings were rejected, and that our factories would be closed down and jobs destroyed.
there is also an important role for women in the business sector, whether in liberal professions or in trade or in agriculture.
so, let me start with that.
ro during the current economic crisis, the europe 2020 strategy seems to be a real challenge.
so much for the ukraine.
i would like to emphasise the transfer of powers to the commission to adopt delegated acts in accordance with article complies of the treaty on the functioning of the european union.
one of the most serious disasters in the world at the moment is the war on agriculture.
however, we must also ask ourselves why people are sacrificing all their property to allow themselves to be exported under conditions of unsafe conditions in ukraine.
because these issues are causing people to be concerned, they are willing to pass on their own laws and repressive measures.
he is a man who has always stood up for the palestinian people.
the facilities should meet all the necessary precautions to prevent a gmo, or technically not from contamination of gmos.
but reforms are only the tip of the iceberg.
the next item is the council and commission statements on the elections in the republic.
i am firmly convinced that education and a consistent resolution can promote the vicious circle of discrimination against the roma, and i therefore voted in favour of the motion for a resolution.
in total, eur 18 billion will be available for the four four million over the seven years.
madam president, i would like to thank mr cunha for the good work he has done and for the way in which we will be able to carry out our way forward.
mr president, turkey was given the support at the helsinki summit, but the opening of accession negotiations must wait until the necessary internal reforms are made and the human rights situation is adapted to european principles.
so far, each country has resolved the problem, but now it is about finding better solutions.
it can be said that those countries best placed jobs on the basis of sound financial policies and previously faced with the necessary structural reforms.
seven thousand permanent inhabitants are deprived of their basic rights but they are deprived of their basic rights.
in the same way, questions must be taken into account as soon as possible regarding the question of macrointernational conservation and, above all, environmental aspects.
it can create the conditions for growth and jobs, but it is not a luxury.
the proposals for council regulations are merely indicative provisions already in place with regard to a number of exceptions which are needed for purely legal reasons or for certain obligations of the council.
this will send an important signal to our partners in the world, to the whole of europe and to our scientists!
they seem to be winning the struggle in pakistan.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
i welcome the recognition that enlargement is a sine qua non of stability and prosperity throughout europe.
as we know, alexander alexander makes use of the human rights violations and restrictions on the freedom of the media by the western states president of belarus, mr president of belarus, and the way in which the elections for a third term of office in 2006 are to be held in elections.
author. - de mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by saying that my group was somewhat surprised to see the legal assessment of a dramatic undertaking as a resolution on human rights issues on the agenda.
as a result, the control system does not sufficiently guarantee that the rein, in turn, carries out its commitments.
it will be important for the people of kosovo to decide on their own affairs and to ensure that they have a corresponding say in defence and that the rights of all ethnic groups and minorities are guaranteed according to european standards.
yesterday we succeeded in stating that quality was later paid as a currency.
the system should have a gradual upper limit for 2020 to achieve the 20% target for 2020, and it should be extended to include the widest possible degree of extensions.
with regard to the measures to be taken by organisations of the volunteer organisations, the commission is prepared to consider the inclusion of additionality and the provision of donors.
the victims deserve our full support.
there is a greek minority there that plays a major role and represents an asset for the democratisation of albania, and of course it must also be ensured that the church is free to act and that it can play its full role in order to carry out its function in full.
madam president, i therefore also appeal to the european institutions to intervene.
mr president, mr president-in-office of the council, mr president of the commission, the debate we are holding today touches on a large number of issues.
as far as the united kingdom is concerned, the existing facilities and the more stringent regulations at eu level are neither necessary nor appropriate.
there is little point in trying to accuse the commission of what the commission has done in recent months, and it has offered to make proposals for sustainable development, including technical assistance.
i am sure you share the conviction of the presidency and of the council that both institutions should cooperate with the community budget as well.
this has been confirmed by mrs salvador in this house very recently in the discussion of the fisheries agreements with guinea and angola.
however, as soon as the vote takes place, and the european parliament has the power to make that possible, they are those who want to stop this proposal.
parliament has already had a monopoly on the sale of diamonds which has considerably angered it.
as a result of the deregulation of the financial markets, graduates changed to the mercy of a tool for malaysia in a tool of expertise.
you have shown the tone by persuading the heads of state or government of the eu to choose ambitious targets for renewables and co2 by 2020 and to combat climate change.
we should therefore not set the framework for the risks or the facilities too restricted.
it was interesting that a few minutes later a farmer registered to speak who said that he had a check which was very precise and very precise and he knows no better control than it was in the past.
for example, we can rely on unmiking' s shelter, but what we can do with things that are done in privately-owned or privately owned, where the consumer is concerned and therefore also the warning.
let me just say one more thing. this whole debate, whether at home or in the other member states in connection with monetary union or monetary union, would have to make savings, because if there is no monetary union, we will have to keep talking about savings.
one area with a high percentage of co2 emissions in the european union of technological and technological decisions in the construction sector has long-term implications for emissions from all member states.
that is why we are showing our support to others.
i asked questions on the basis of a private consolidated version, and i have already found misleading errors in translation.
through the support of the majority of the political groups in this parliament, i hope that we will adopt the regulation tomorrow at second reading and give a political impetus to the european project.
however, i regret to say that this support in the final version of mrs randzio-plath' s report is not so clearly expressed as was decided on by the decision.
in the meantime, however, action is required in order not to increase the number of people affected.
we have to accept that the country of guardians is a country with traditions and special historical circumstances, but the death penalty will give people dignity as a whole.
an opportunity must be found to prevent this.
we must ensure that work is completed quickly on schedule.
it is also important that the modern methods of qualitative management are applied in a broad way.
in addition to this gradual shift towards decoupling, we should not lose sight of the further perspectives.
in order to stop it, member states must enforce their criminal law using appropriate bans and ensure that the latter is categorised as a crime.
the decision we have taken today is clearly not good sense.
it also gives rise to a picture of the impact of the crackdown on certain goods and categories of textiles and on the regeneration and employment of the european textile industry.
sk madam president, yesterday we saw the end of the second pillar and today we are celebrating it.
what is the current state of preparedness.
by carrying out the various actors in the field of external relations, we can ensure that our backwardness is clear and coherent and is controlled by a single set of political objectives.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen.
there are many good proposals in this report, but they have all been adopted.
it is also difficult to determine the cost of the funds.
2009 will also be a year on which we will celebrate the 20th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall, which is a very good opportunity to commemorate the european freedom and reunifiction.
this report is a good step in the right direction.
this is called for by american society and by our parliament, which i hope will adopt this resolution.
i would like to have a debate on where all the group chairmen are here and also express their opinions and say: yes, we support such a programme and we thank the rapporteurs who have done the work.
these ambiguities are reflected in the presidency's document on immigration and asylum.
the only way to prevent this is by drastically reducing the permissible levels of transport permitted for live animals.
at the moment, political prisoners are in power.
from this undertaking, mr president, we have requested that this vote on prudence and in a dialogue with the recently elected members of the romanian parliament be replaced with a view to giving credibility to a process that would be exactly the same as it would automatically lead to a hollow exercise.
we must therefore make progress in building a european framework that can respond quickly and effectively to the disasters that take place almost every summer and which are particularly affected by forest areas.
we must move away from the idea that culture is a luxury, and concrete measures to be adopted in this sector.
this is also a special task for the european union.
in article 7 of his statement, the rapporteur had the good idea and the courage to introduce indicative lists of 10 % of the total number of seats in the european parliament.
the debate is closed.
mr president, this afternoon we have agreed to organise the vote in such a way that it becomes clear who is in favour of it and who is against.
that is why we need to ensure that we act meticulously.
i should like to mention the intense efforts we have made between the commission, the ombudsman and the committee on petitions.
i intend to present a communication to the commission with the proposal to declare 2004 as the european year of sport.
the debate is closed.
the question is whether we want to proceed in this way.
this is what our amendment says.
that means a great burden on national funds.
the problem of export refunds and the difficulties related to third country markets have had a negative impact on the profitability of the whole european plan.
most of my colleagues have exceeded their speaking time by 50 seconds so allow me to finish, mr president.
in the second case, the role of the commission is to support either the submission of a recommendation or to support it or to recognise it with the representatives of the respective member states.
whether you propose an amendment or not, the basis of the decision should be taken.
i therefore call on our greek friends, our member state, together with the government in general, to attempt to solve the problem and to adopt a line of practice on the border level.
firstly, we must consolidate our relations with the allies with which we wish to jointly tackle the united states of america.
part of the proposal was awaited for a long time.
they are suffering under cofinancing.
i welcome the emphasis placed on the sustainable use of resources and the desire to develop a skills, to promote permanent jobs, as well as to promote the quality of life of housing.
i warmly welcome mr coelho's report on the enlargement of the european union and its implications for cooperation in the field of justice and home affairs.
this is the solution that the commission wishes to see for the constitution.
so, when europol gets new powers - and we are committed to this - we need a commissioner who is responsible for europol.
i am very concerned that, as mrs nicholson said, the language in this treaty is not really clear what it means.
we all know that the fight against terrorism can only be won by seeking cooperation across borders.
if the public is properly informed and given a verdict, we will only be able to guarantee confidence and enforcement in the future.
please get off the ground.
trade and innovation are linked, in a number of ways, to one another that we need to explore, if we want to understand how people are affected by different groups of different sexes and different degrees of influence.
some of the accusations are confirmed, especially when they are uttered by governments that first should put their own house in order before giving lectures to others.
in my country, belgium, there is currently a debate on the right to vote on the basis of the right to vote for migrants who have been in our country for years.
the planned reform of the eu's agricultural policy must therefore be given clear support.
in conclusion, i would like to say that if we continue the excellent work done by our rapporteur, mrs gradin, tomorrow we would demonstrate that the interests of the manufacturers of europe are good, and that is what i would call them, and the consumer in europe.
the cost of exports and imports is increasing as a result of roads and pollution.
for this reason, i would like to highlight one aspect of mr lalumière's report, which is the need to carry out a comprehensive communication strategy informing the public about the purpose of enlargement, on their advantages, but also on their possible future disadvantages.
we know how weak the civilization is, but we are not even in a position to tell our citizens the real motives of european integration, because we only talk about declarations.
the christians represent more than 10% of the population.
but we are now asking the commission to add to the annex to the directive the annex to the directive so that it only allows pigs to be carried out by people who are eligible for it and are qualified.
a great deal can be achieved by means of measures to reduce discards.
as far as i am concerned, the procedure will continue to be more or less the same for the new regime.
in particular, i agree with the paragraph in mr karas' report, which highlights self-regulation as a substitute for the introduction of new legislation.
it seems somewhat unnecessary to go to johannesburg as a kind of investment; we need political support.
that would not promote research but would give them a boost.
people who were the strongest.
these quotas can be acted upon; this will enable them to reduce their emissions and use the remaining quotas by selling them to those who need them.
if people adhere to basic rules of hygiene and respect their own hygiene, as well as to their food adequacy, or adequacy, they will be enough to protect them from this rule.
i ask that this be followed up.
i therefore fully support the motion for a resolution which calls for measures to be adopted to date.
but the problem with decommissioning is not the use of the provision in those expenditures, but rather the fact that the substance continues to be found in old textiles such as housing or waste-setting.
employees and businesses will always be forever employed in the european labour market.
now that we are in the process of being involved in the tireless countries, we also have the complicated ways in which the house will deliver its opinion on time.
this is particularly the case for the united kingdom churches, many of whom are acute.
imports of chinese and russia
by attempting to make slovenia the harmful effects of its behaviour on the environment of stockpiles, it affects all concerned, including itself, but above all the people who live in the disputed infrastructure.
in germany, when mrs merkel withdrew from brussels, he felt that she wanted to give the greeks the backing of the greeks if you were at the bottom of the list before it was ready to provide real aid.
these are all important practical steps which i hope will be widely supported in this parliament.
mrs randzio-plath has pointed this out.
we need to be taken seriously by the other players in the european union's foreign policy and, in particular, in the time of extensive change in the arab world, all work together.
you say that it is germany, which has control and is entitled to its rights.
to my mind, it would be easier to create additional facilities for transport companies that have been hit hard by the financial crisis.
as regards access to the profession, it is important that there are aspects of capacity-building and speedy enforcement against legislation.
one of these is the withdrawal of the us and its allies from iraq, the peaceful solution of the undertaking, but also a stop-up.
we are against one amendment because it is necessary to clarify what is meant by subdelegation.
prime minister, in particular on this matter, you remain relevant.
i am not going to repeat what mr barrot said, but i agree with him that we would like to have a statement on this matter from you on behalf of the commission, on the points he has already made clear, and i shall conclude by talking about national parliaments.
we have marco lama to encourage the use of sport.
in april this year the un. the un clearly made the case of certain prisoners appear to be setting an example to others: it is the general treatment of people in the prisons of georgia, which is simply scandalous.
however, a number of points now seem to us; we need a genuine common foreign and security policy.
an overwhelming majority of our parliament voted in favour of the report, which recognises the urgent need for a policy to safeguard energy supplies.
now is the time for more europe, for a better europe, for a stronger political europe, with greater democracy and efficiency.
we want to help ukraine be closer to us.
in germany it is 22.2.
there are still too many exhortations in agriculture and industry.
the commission defines the joint allocation of new funds for new refugees per year and this definition must be sufficiently flexible to respond to the situation.
there is no reason why this important economic sector should continue to pay additional burdens.
on behalf of the alde group. - lt mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the war in darfur that has lasted for four years gives little hope that human rights will be respected in the countries of ukraine.
under the heading of research, the treaty does not provide any other legal basis that could be used by the commission for proposals of measures which could be proposed jointly by the commission.
however, the commission is anxious to identify all the available options in order to close any loophole in time for conciliation in november.
in discussing this issue in parliament, i would like to remind you of the cooperation between greece and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia.
according to the statistics, european subsidies are unfortunately not provided with the information they need if they assume that they are restricted either in the choice of their food or that they are doing so much of their health.
a european parliament document already exists on this subject, and it concerns what parliament expects of future talks on the mutual protection of foreign investment.
i would like to know what is going on in the border regions in order to deal with the large-scale prostitution there.
mr president, i welcome the opportunity to debate this report on a programme which is of great importance to all our countries.
you must also remember the functions of europol, which is responsible in these areas.
we have also focused all our attention on the problem of cofinancing for agricultural aid and left many other issues that we could have regulated and which are now unfortunately relegated to the background.
we also expect the return of decommissioning facilities to be returned and, in this context, we expect that his family will also be shown in the opposite terms.
finally, i would like to remind you of the fact that development aid is not only compatible with free trade, but that this development aid needs to be developed - unless you do not know about it - but rather its mastery or even brutality.
mr president, commissioner, i would like to use the brief speaking time to stress that the commission itself says that smes do not know the effects of the euro as well as large companies.
manufacturers must reach additionality by the year 2020.
a european constituency would be extremely useful in guaranteeing what they call the european union's prerogatives, that is, the fact that the citizens of the european union are quite simply able to consider themselves as citizens who can elect more than the national representatives.
we must therefore be all the more careful to deal with the money, especially in view of the fact that people are experiencing crisis management.
secondly, the elections must also be able to take part in the elections of several millions of zimbabwe for fear of torture and death in bangladesh or india.
i believe that this report lacks resources.
i am sure that the youth programme will give young people in many countries a chance to understand each other better, and that will create a firm basis for action against all forms of discrimination and will increase tolerance among young people.
separation of water into the water we can rely on, which we can use as a tool, must be used as a tool for our waste water and for the sort of water we need for our resources.
in this respect, the centre must improve its work significantly.
as someone who concentrates on madeira and rural issues i welcome this initiative.
at the moment we are pointing the finger at germany, but perhaps it will soon be our own member state to whom we must act.
mr francis of the russian prime minister has already announced that russia will only lift the ban if the european union gives details about the source of the nuclear power.
secondly, despite the deletion of this deletion the list is still sufficient.
finally, i think it is extremely important to send a message to the commission that it will have to maintain a high level of flexibility and support, but also ensure consistency and supervision in order to avoid duplication of effort and the repetition of similar points in various fields.
opponents were insisting on this.
new ways of using this financial instrument should be developed for those countries where the work of ngos is illegal.
i would like to point out that what the commission does not want is a structural approach.
i do not think that it is enough to combat child pornography in order to invest child pornography in general, and to protect children in general, and here we have a responsibility for all adults who, as has already been pointed out, are the main providers of resources and of the pleasure and money.
it simply calls a little more attention to the concepts of facilitation, prudence and dignity.
to achieve this, it is essential, as our rapporteur has said, to develop both independent official controls and the responsibility of the business operator in industry.
i welcome the decision to include greece in the circle of countries with the single currency.
in the light of the current situation, additional importance is being gained, and i am thinking of the economic crisis and demographic factors in europe.
this wealth should not only benefit the companies in which they are created, but the whole of the whole edifices as well as the bureau.
we are therefore disappointed at the moment and almost without hope, although this does not mean that we do not have an opportunity to reach agreement.
i do not support christians against them.
it brought the people of zimbabwe to the hilt.
as far as i am aware, not one treaty has yet been signed, although today we write on 17 december and i advised all the commission services earlier this year that the budgetary authority has already been authorised.
the one has nothing to do with the rest of the world.
because it has absolutely innovative character and consequences.
i have great experience of this area and i am proud to be able to say that when i led the government of my country at the time i led the government, around 50 women were the most diligent and supportive pledges.
we reacted immediately, with concrete proposals.
finally, i would like to ask the commissioner: on 1 february, you said that special competition rules should be set up.
such incidents cannot be repeated.
you are now looking at the german presidency for the betterment more than what we are actually talking about today.
the commission has its political responsibilities and should not give it here, and in the specific case it does not want to give it a real answer.
the chairman of the committee on fisheries would have a proposal to give more money to study the effects of the measures already in force.
we cannot really present such a proposal to the public.
i also believe that the issue with regard to the commissioner for fisheries, with all that it follows within parliament, is crucial, to ensure that the problem is resolved and that this report becomes an important future for the future.
pl i would like to thank my fellow members for drafting this resolution and for the european parliament to adopt it.
all of this requires urgent and greater efforts, not only from the member states but also from the union as a whole.
for this reason, the commission considered it preferable to wait for ratification of the constitutional treaty before taking further steps.
i hope that we will soon be extending this principle from the glass and from the earliest product, as well as other goods, and that we will manage to do so before european products disappear completely from our market under pressure from stress.
already now the direct eur 2 million is directly allocated to eur 2 million, although we know the enormous risks that the rapporteur has rightly outlined.
the debate is closed.
the desire to counterbalance the domination of american domination in the housing and housing sectors is understandable and timely.
if the internal market is to function efficiently and ensure that uniform conditions of competition are applied to all community regions, the completion of the trans-european transport networks must be one of the priority objectives of the governments of the eu member states.
all this has attracted the attention of foreign investors.
would you please inform the presidency of what you asked the presidency to say in terms of a few words in the language and translation of the translation?
this is a real guarantee, both for the owner and for the consumer, and i call on the commission to extend the card to other professions because we will be able to improve mutual recognition and win the trust of citizens.
thank you.
the provision is made in article 62 of article 62 which states that it is necessary to establish a uniform application of the legal framework.
the introduction of the euro will not transfer the nation states to democratic european institutions, which would be a good thing, but would simply like to remind the people of their sovereignty.
of course, i would say, mr medina, that the budgetary procedure is not satisfactory, because if there is agreement on principle, there is very little to discuss, because we all, both parliament and the council, will have the same room for manoeuvre.
this report, and the agreement it ratifies, are a symbol of europe's ability to embrace europe.
at the moment that is the only way that we can condemn the crackdown on national security, which is a great deal about the situation in syria.
i spent the last few days in the republic of zimbabwe and followed events on a daily basis.
that is why the commission also supports national governments.
this runs counter to the principles of the internal market, and it indirectly encourages the environment.
i am certainly not opposed to european consultation and cooperation, but i am also in a very good position to criticise this form of coercion.
and from the point of view of public opinion, mr president, the reports of a number of spanish mass media media have given great cause for concern when it was said that a senior official from the directorate-general for agriculture, mr prodi, had been appointed to the committee on propriet; in other words, the presidency was acting in favour of the scientific criteria in the committee on budgetary control.
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 372 of the rules of procedure.
the recently presented crisis on the implementation of the øb has very good implications for this problem.
it could simply mean that every more amendments would be put in place to ensure that everything could be done in the course of a debate.
however, i must point out that anti-abuse infringements must be in line with the principle of coercion and the balance between the seriousness of the actions carried out and the sanctions that have been applied.
we therefore believe that a positive list should be maintained in this form.
it is necessary to provide access to this fund for workers in the netherlands, who have lost their jobs.
the proposed directive would force too many member states to give up with already effective national measures to abandon them because they would be redundant with the directive.
this behaviour raises doubts about the fact that the european parliament is really seeking to work together with the un institutions and in the interests of the un.
it is a gamble that can lead to medical resistance in the long term.
this trend is fundamental to europe as a premeditatory.
the cuban government must take care of the cuban people.
in addition, we believe that the status of each person in prison must comply with international law and nobody must be arbitrary on arbitrary terms.
the main objective of the programmes for cross-border cooperation is to promote the development of a common socio-economic environment for people, communities and economies, including the provision of technical assistance.
it will, however, be necessary to maintain the national support programmes to date in order to ensure continuity of european funds.
the council welcomes the fact that, in the case that has been raised, the italian and polish law enforcement authorities have worked together to ensure the aforementioned funds.
we know, ladies and gentlemen, that the very strong support for this sector is coming out of this bracket.
the comment goes on to say that opposition to ankara was mentioned only by 6 % of those who voted 'no'.
i would like to draw the attention of the conservatives to the fact that principles should apply to everyone.
it is also a strategic necessity and therefore you must make efforts to implement the necessary initiatives.
i agree with mr leinen on the commission communication, and it is indeed more than anyone would have thought of it six months ago.
this right can best be exercised by a petition to the european parliament, a right enshrined in the treaty as a fundamental right.
i would also like to congratulate the commission on its efforts in this area and i hope that it will maintain a level of compliance both with the final framework decision on minimum standards for shipments and subsequently on decisions to be taken.
the european parliament adopted, at first reading, a number of amendments and changed it, particularly in the areas of strengthening the urban dimension, greater protection for the environment and the promotion of the environment, and the treatment of people with disabilities, which is largely included in the hatzidakis report.
many of the amendments tabled by parliament at first reading have been added to the new text and contribute to its clear improvement.
es first of all, i would like to thank the rapporteur for her thorough and thorough work.
are there any comments?
as mrs lulling pointed out, the interests often tend to be high, and this has been illustrated in our 2001, especially with the representatives of the european associations and national governments.
i firmly believe that we will find a rapprochement with the united states, because we want to avoid a confrontation between the united states and europe.
i think it should be at least 10%.
europe's main motive is africa sustainable development.
it is important that this summit is translated into concrete results in order to bring about the revival of the dialogue achieved with president bush’s visit.
we appreciate that very much, and we believe that this approach will strengthen parliament in further work towards the council of ministers.
could we have a separate vote on recital 4?
de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, as a journalist i would like to say something about this directive, which i personally very much endorse.
workers in the new member states have the same legitimate right to social rights and to co-determination as us.
at a later date, the process is guided by national law and eligibility and is based on support.
but on the other hand, the long-term preservation of european production should not be sacrificed to short-term undertakings.
there has been no regulation on the arctic region.
in particular, in greece, there is no guarantee of the provisions of community law.
please, take note of the fact that people are afraid of having to kill.
they say more participative, more and better democracy.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, last wednesday we had the opportunity here in strasbourg for the first time in strasbourg with representatives of the various parties from the elected country of bosnia-herzegovina to enter into dialogue within the framework of our delegation for crisis and south-east europe and under the leadership of our very dynamic president.
the work of the committee on women's rights and gender equality has been taken seriously and is also reflected in the report.
on behalf of the verts/ale group. - de madam president, i would like to begin by thanking mr brok.
as i have gathered from my experience since 1994, the member states are continuing to insist on their prioritisation and agreement on uniform compliance.
in cooperation with the presidency, the high representative will present a summary of the first guidelines before the european council meeting.
relations with turkey must also be seen in an extended context.
i hope you can support that in your answer.
the next item is the recommendation for second reading on behalf of the committee on the environment, public health and consumer policy on the common position of the council with regard to the adoption of the european parliament and council regulation on the monitoring of forests and community policies on the monitoring of forests and community institutions 2007-2013.
i must of course not forget – because my amendments have not been adopted – that there is also a need to give proper support to agriculture and to give proper support to the high-risk regions that are very vulnerable.
member of the commission.
do you not think that only if all the states are equally willing to take the necessary burdens on this can we continue to be able to do so in future, and do not take those off the ground out of the burden, and others will have to shoulder the burdens on responsibility?
they need to be able to distinguish between products and what is achieved by the compromise, but unfortunately not to say that we are now talking about consumer policy in confidence.
and it is now up to the commission to make it clear that this view is wrong and that we cannot see things as they are.
the european council has shown that it understands the consequences of the battle that awaits us in the future.
at the same time, the report gives the member states the right to decide for themselves or against nuclear energy and to insist that this decision should be respected.
of course this also means - and this is evident from afghan history - that we should make it with our own government with respect for their own decisions and that we do not get into the details.
first of all, i would like to give the example of how the situation in relation to the facilitator of turkey and the immediate and dangerous impact on growth in various regions, particularly those of the islands, has adverse consequences.
this time there is no obligation on our part.
pl the berlin declaration was signed at an extremely important moment for the european union.
one solidarity policy that is based on solidarity is needed, together with solidarity with sustainable tolerance.
by changing the existing joint set-up, the first duty is to collect biometric signatures, which will then be included in the vis, and the standards that apply to them will continue to be included in the organisation of shelter.
my colleagues will study the details in more detail from their point of view.
the only sensible thing to do is to make sure that we do so in brussels.
however, i am disappointed about the treatment of the outermost regions, particularly madeira.
i congratulate the rapporteur and i take note of the fact that the directive proposes a whole range of instruments for achieving these objectives, namely the possibility of reversing the burden of proof in certain circumstances, distinguishing between professional use and excluding extra-contractual contracts, especially financial services, etc.
i believe that this effort will focus on two points.
we must strike the right balance between our ambition and the reality.
gradually and forwards.
those who organise such a programme are in practice virtually entitled to a european regulation.
yesterday, the prime minister announced measures to reduce the deficit.
we ask ourselves what point the citizen can now feel as an integral part of a reality of the eu institutions, which is always becoming more shameless and more complicated.
firstly, this proposal is not a motion from the group but from me as rapporteur.
to be able to cope with all this, it is of course necessary to have a variety of different standards such as standards and standards, but also financial incentives.
but i would like to have a serious proposal in relation to the negotiations on the framework agreement, and we have to decide that there is a rule between parliament and the commission, which is clear.
in ethiopia, there is a communist government in the autonomous republic.
our group supports solidarity.
i think that the commission has supported parliament to a certain extent, but at the last moment it is playing the role of facilitator and trying to gain us to the council's position.
what we are talking about is the common interest in guaranteeing an alternative.
the difficulties involved in a programme of this kind are such as, for example, data collection, which vary from state to state, and some states are not even able to supply certain data.
de madam president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are talking about the disruption of air traffic and the economic impact of the aviation industry.
it is a question of the european union keeping to its own rules of play.
i propose three elements to this effect.
on behalf of my group, i welcome this progress.
mr president, i think we should move from a point of view of confidence.
what are we doing to help them.
he is pursuing a gradual approach to trade and development and is also seeking to support some compromises suggested by the rapporteur.
the first is a fund, and a network is developing after the pace of the member states which belong to it.
but this is only a major crisis or a massive historical compromise.
these regions have been reported in the regions, but only as marginal.
people have died and many continue to face health consequences.
at the same time, the european union has decided to reinforce targeted measures against the rule of convenience, provided that it does not fulfil the conditions of facilitation, so it should send a strong message to the burmese regime that we do not agree with its policies.
the debate is closed.
the old republics and others who were part of europe before our continent came to a name, have once again joined the family and are in the europe of nurturing them.
this will create a level playing field.
new resources and increased purchasing power for the pensioners should be sought in the same way as on incomes.
question no 40 by mr dupuis
in addition to this broad support for the report, i would like to make just one comment. the signing of the memoranda agreement was finally peace in the balkans, but it did not end with all the problems in the former yugoslavia and in the region.
i would like to make it quite clear to all those who share this concern that this is the first reading, an initial reading, which shows that we have political priorities and that we have a certain amount of pressure to put on the council and the final word is not yet mentioned.
no, as far as we are concerned, it is clear to us that the council is referring to this matter.
i would like to ask the commission publicly what it intends to do about this.
it does not go together.
security will only bring about negotiations and i would appeal to all those involved to start negotiations as soon as possible.
if there were a european strategy in this area, it would make it possible to adopt a more holistic approach and provide a response to the treatment and provision of illnesses which would make the european public more sensitive to those who are making the most of it.
i firmly believe that the free movement of workers is one of the most important economic growth priorities in the european union, and that means job creation.
ensure that the commission does this to its task.
of course, i welcome the mobilisation of the relief fund to help the victims of this tragedy to help madeira as a result of ukraine.
we are confident that this report will be adopted in plenary and that, if we do not make improvements, we at least will not be sustainable.
in the name of the fight against terrorism and organised crime, we are pursuing the extension of the political system of malaysia to respond to the reactions and repressive measures against immigrants.
the directive is currently on the scoreboard today.
we are starting a new era for the event, so please do not defend the powers of the commission because we, parliament, were not part of that task.
it has been, and remains, an effort from all the institutions, including this parliament and all the member states.
we must not forget that, thanks to the schengen agreement, the citizens of the signatory states have not really understood the freedom of movement provided for in the treaty, a treaty which is only written on paper but one that has life in the spirit of schengen itself.
the best possible compromise for the french presidency as a whole is retained.
it should be noted that there is considerable european investment in burma, especially in the housing and unicef.
i do not think so.
we fully support the report's call to increase aid to the administration of the un.
it is quite clear and nurturing that the principle of subsidiarity is always valid and that it applies not only between the union and the member states, but also between the regions and local authorities.
it is also to be borne in mind, however, that this position of the rapporteur does not simply mean acceptance of the status quo, which appears to be the guiding principle in the future.
it is an important point that the pipeline could be built via country by country through the european union.
these people are of the opinion that the time when they want to go on their own will be able to acquire a subsidy.
in writing. - studies on the part of the commission show that one eu of three eu citizens goods purchased online, but only 7% cross-border fixations.
the council has largely adopted the amendments we tabled and adopted at first reading in this regulation on environmental aspects in the developing countries.
i think that everybody will agree with me when i speak of a major project which, i must admit, is one of my projects.
both channels are crucial.
of course we are in favour of this.
the use of embryos.
on the one hand, we have a political and also a moral duty to respect the treaty by including new members.
it is quite right to assume that one of these countries will make use of this possibility, but perhaps also that possibility.
this gap is very significant, which is why mrs merkel has also mentioned a competitiveness pact.
what is really achieved is that all the different options are lumped together.
i speak as parliament's rapporteur on 1996 and on the broad economic guidelines.
is there, given that this is a taxpayer and that there are currently enormous difficulties, because no measures can be taken by the commission to ensure that the procedure, even if only in the event of a rapid and efficient situation, can be done?
furthermore, a community-level level harmonised at eu level is important.
the events of recent months, which led the european parliament to refuse to grant discharge for the 1996 financial year, have clearly shown that there is a lack of diligence in the management and monitoring of certain community initiatives and general care.
i have already said on several occasions that i was born in the year of europe, born and a year after we joined europe.
are there any comments?
i believe that projects that might provide additional funding for such measures are best placed to ensure that we can work together with a genuine democratic government in belarus.
some time ago we received a commission report on delays in the technical progress of the sis ii, and the measures and schedules needed in the light of the latest information must be examined openly and honestly.
these people are not educated in europe and are desperately needed in their country of origin, which, despite the low standard of living, has often made a substantial contribution to financing their training.
the european union is and will continue to be a force facing the problems ... in cooperation with all its global partners, a force which continues to press for a serious debate on climate change.
your choice is to do so.
in this case, codification is more important than a matter of particular cross-border nature.
over the past 150 years, they have been systematically practised and replaced by great competition.
counterfeiting and the violation of intellectual property in general are increasingly increasing, and they have reached international proportions and represent a serious threat to states and economies.
his appearance in the world has given the world the european union's support position against racism and antisemitism.
the european union confirmed its constructive attitude to the situation when it was held on 27 january, a month ago, during the debate on the united nations security council on 27 occasions, i.e. a month ago, on the importance of holding appropriate and credible investigations into possible violations of international human rights and international international law.
six motions for resolutions have been tabled pursuant to rule 1085 of the rules of procedure.
the commission announced that by the end of 1998 it would present a new proposal on the gradual and controlled liberalisation of postal services. none of this happened.
this applies to market access for medicines, but also special and differential treatment, to reform and to other issues.
in the regular reports of this year, the commission has once again ascertained the letter of the law and how democracy works in practice.
i will start with the proposal to extend the level of implementation of the average of 48 hours.
what can we do?
i think the subject is somewhat distorted here.
however, it gives the citizens of the european union, partners in civil society and governments, as well as in third countries, a regular overview of the concerns, priorities and actions of the eu.
this is a problem that needs to be tackled, as is the question of the role and responsibility of the european central bank.
we therefore have a problem of scale which requires concrete and effective action.
if you wanted the minister's answer to five lines would not be possible, it would not be possible because it was dealt with on all subjects, but not on them.
it also refers to the introduction of criteria for food security, which is the issue of free prisoners that are not fit for human consumption.
as homelai-building and income are denied, criminal activity is the only way of survival for these people.
in this regard, i believe that the impact which the use of an area that does not have a monopoly can actually be included.
that brings me to the proposals in the context of the seventh.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this report deals with european policy on the mediterranean and makes it very clear that in the long term foreign policy is to be transferred to all areas of the community.
the council has no opinion, nor is it meant to have it, because we are leaving the convention to prepare for all these things.
that is what this parliament and the commission want.
the mood was very good, as was the discussions in the political groups.
finally, he proposed millions of people.
this is unacceptable.
i am sure, honourable members, that you will also monitor the implementation of this undertaking in your work on the ground.
democracy means transparency, openness, resources and empowerment.
that is why we are better able to shape this world, and this is particularly important in this very important week – who would have dreamed of a common europe?
a lot has been said about that.
if you have the floor, i am very pleased with the studies that have been carried out on behalf of this parliament and who say that there are no legal obstacles to the accession of the czech republic.
after the fraud was reported to the spanish treasury, the flooding of funds in 2001 from 100 000 hectares to less than 1 000 hectares was reduced to less than 100 000 hectares of aid.
the criteria are such that, in reality, it is left to the many users of the system to define the limits and the many users are approximately 125 000 tonnes of the central database in strasbourg.
we are also working on the swift adoption of the prevention programme for the protection of volunteers and grass roots products.
others, especially from the outset, are critical of the legislation because they cause them serious problems.
but let me say one more thing, because particularly recently i know very well the problems which are known to me in the context of the stabilisation and growth emergency.
i find it wholly unacceptable - and i was also in cancún - that rather than looking for talks with the demonstrators who have been involved in the negotiations, they are doing so.
the fact that this assessment is of a high level of scientific quality is necessary not only in the interests of patients, but also in the interests of the bureau.
this is a very important sector.
it is a well-crafted and balanced resolution which has the merit of outlining the positive and less positive aspects of the elections in saudi arabia and the ongoing reform process.
the economic and financial crisis has also contributed significantly to global trade.
the directive also says that women must receive their full salary, during their life: a clear sign in the current undertaking.
in a state aid policy it makes the approval of aid dependent on the adoption of dependents where the main points include a further reduction in the level of preparedness and the drastic reduction of jobs.
following the debate in the committee on petitions, the council has adopted a new procedure.
if you look at the transport policy, it is vital that it is made economically and economically feasible in the european union, before the accession of other states.
i would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur on her commitment and hope that, with further contributions of this nature, we will be able to achieve all the objectives set out in the europe 2020 strategy.
the council only wants to take small steps.
the fundamental principles underlying our proposals for the new social fund are simplification and flexibility.
i should like to accompany a group of commissioners to accompany parliament immediately.
my second question concerns the united nations programme.
i also pay tribute to the courage and the enthusiasm for those who, at the moment, are preparing to tackle the effects of the terrible crisis on the ground, and to those who are trying to deal with the consequences of the nuclear undertaking.
the companies that operate internally.
that is why the european commission will continue to follow very closely the situation and political developments through its delegation in malta.
small enterprises are the backbone of the european economy; they represent around 98% of european businesses and employ up to 60% of all eu workers.
and those who are in favour of an ethnic view of the nation would like to talk about italy's love of nationalism to the other countries" .
the fleet consists of almost 700 tonnes of land fishing for the mediterranean and for the mediterranean.
what we are talking about here is the security of the reinsertion of support; there are only 10 of them in the world today from our feet.
a country that is now well ahead of us will perhaps not be able to complete the pace.
the concept emphasises human rights, the participation of women and the importance of investing in health and training, as well as comprehensive services to protect reproductive health for all.
i have become a member in ireland.
in passing, i would also like to say that the russian authorities are likely to pass their feet in favour of the failure which she suffered against the chechen people a few years ago.
under council regulation ec no 1408/71 third-country nationals travel to the member states of the european union for short-term pre-visa requirements.
in my view, the content of amendment no 9 is discrimination on the basis of resources.
in paragraph 5 line 4 thereof, you must avoid the duplication of effort.
there will certainly be a lot of attention to be paid to environmental issues, and this is also necessary after the soviet emergency.
a country that regards corporal punishment as an effective way of preventing crime, is not going to pass on, and the eu should not give any additional support to such a country.
from this point of view, therefore, we must analyse both the practical and the simultaneous orientations of the european central bank in 2003.
this increase will be used in practice and will continue to be used for agricultural expenditure under the cap.
therefore, we should support the measures to improve energy policy because of its crucial importance for the quality of our lives both now and for future generations.
the general affairs council, in particular, has been charged with preparing a meeting for its meeting on 21 march, which will provide the most important information on the work carried out in the various fields.
unfortunately, it has been established that not all eu member states have managed to transpose them fully into national law by the end of 2009.
mr liikanen, i had a copy of my own country.
during the last part-session, parliament addressed the issue of whistle-blowers in the internet, the risks for minors and facilities within the european union to support secure unaccompanied minors.
a massive figure.
my group is rather worried about how archbishop is threatening to defeat this text, which is important to us.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, you are presenting a decision by the committee on economic and monetary affairs to support dr kinnock and to support this proposal as a member of the bureau.
the political agreement on the common position already incorporates most of parliament's amendments to the text of the proposal.
this is already a matter of urgency for the commission to take responsibility, and it is still a matter of urgency when names are called names.
it is now time for us to help.
so we need solid support; we really must agree on our procedures and our policies.
in view of the complexity and scope of the eu's external relations, the space that dialogue and consultations with third countries on human rights issues could be maintained or put to the second place.
i understand that concerns are being expressed.
we are already seeing that the last decade has been one of 10 years of life since the beginning of the seventies and the year 2007.
mr president, yesterday evening at the press conference, i really took mr rehn's view as i had to present him with his support, which really was not only on his proposals.
you all know that in our countries we have the information about europe and the european institutions.
what is positive, however, is that the principle of co-financing, which calls into question the implementation of the cap, would affect farmers in less developed areas.
we point out that it is vital to propose such measures if they are not based on the aforementioned investigations, but also express our concern and opposition to the further strengthening of the role of the commission, which promotes further integration.
there is also a risk that there would be no risk of those who publicised propaganda in the last irish referendum.
mr president, we have already had a full agenda today.
mr malmström, i have been able to read your message to you in recent weeks.
the sitting was opened at 9 a.m.
i asked him if i could provide information about the total cost, unfortunately i cannot.
there is no doubt about the role played by public services and local policies in the field of skills.
the main reason for this is the growing dependence on the european union's energy sector of russian resources.
thirdly, there is the debate on whether schengen should be classified as the first pillar or not.
the cooperation you propose in the new cooperation with the acp countries is important and is complementary and we support it.
i think it is fair to say that our own expectations have been met.
we are trying it.
the bureau and i personally would like to thank you as a doctor for the respect you have shown for our profession.
three weeks after this flooding began to become apparent, the whole world is becoming aware of the rapidity of the world, and the lives of thousands of people depend on a highest, they will die if we do not organise the exercises, particularly on the basis of the situation in which they find themselves.
they were a democracy for democracy in europe, the new frontier of democracy in europe, a democracy that was difficult at the time, because it was in italy, greece, poland, hungary and germany.
this new responsibility concerns all of us, whether we meps, commission or commission members.
we can achieve 3% economic growth.
however, it also contains problematic support for anti-entreousness which my group has supported, so i would find it very difficult to vote in favour of the report.
the measure of charges is the cost of an efficient and structural level comparable to that which we as a parliament have developed and enforced for cross-border integration, and it is also appropriate for the appropriate ones.
are we honest, ladies and gentlemen: who of you can test yourself to the test of new substances?
i have not seen such a delicate and complicated proposal for a long time.
as our regulatory instruments are already allowing this open approach to the framework of facilitation, which is still before the reform, in which the general competition rules continue to exist, competition markets have also accelerated competition, which has accelerated, in turn, the development of european governance.
therefore, let us not concentrate on a programme to accompany and further reinforce turkey on the road to a democratic constitutional state.
the claim by the european union that it wants to impose equal status and stability rules on the functioning of the markets and on the achievement of profits is a mere illustration of its actual policy in the opposite direction.
it is one of the possibilities of excellence in the world.
in practice, the civilian population of anti-personnel mines is mainly affected.
only a genuine internal market will improve our chances of growth and employment.
this task cannot be resolved in the narrow framework of the existing nation states.
mr president, the river has raised various aspects of the process of enlargement of the european union, which were also on the agenda in thessaloniki.
these deficiencies must be corrected.
however, there are a great many reports submitted to this house by a large number of amendments.
we also need tolerance and mutual respect.
the common position gives us cause for dissatisfaction, and we have nurtured it.
public forests employ 3 000 employees, whereas private sector employs only 120 employees.
i have no knowledge of the other areas, but at times more than 50% of fish catches are transported in the sea indefinitely, because these fish are too small or not specific.
as the report rightly stresses, the dependency of the region on non-eu countries needs to be reduced.
i find that regrettable.
the reform of mr kinnock must be summed up as follows: we can see that, once again, the aid to the consequences of this reform will only reach its target if this country is already shaken by the next disaster.
ladies and gentlemen, i apologise to mrs bjerregaard.
secondly, we should give full weight to the single market in pensions.
mr mccartin, because i have shown courage and because, despite numerous conflicts, i proposed article 13 on gender equality and put forward arguments for one and not for another.
the court has been pointing out these shortcomings for years and at last it seems that its comments are forthcoming.
they will probably be 65 and i will be watching them for one year.
secondly, there were those who put some money into the coffers of our finance ministers.
it provides a new opportunity for consumers to enjoy their skills.
i am also concerned that the abolition of sustainability could be understood as a mitigating factor and that we must not allow this.
that is where we need to set.
as these objectives will ultimately prove impossible, i will vote against it.
it accepts it is dangerous, and it is normally not good sense.
secondly, there is no dispute about this issue and we are again in agreement on this issue.
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
after years of positive steps in the context of the previous regulation, it would be incomprehensible if the programme were not excluded from the scope of the neglect programme.
secondly, there is a very short line of support for this programme, with 20 specific provisions.
moreover, it is also necessary to negotiate the obligations of the richer countries, to allocate funds to support developing countries to help them cope with the economic and social costs of the measures required.
we are therefore opposed to this european directive and we call for the ports and the organisations which benefit from the whole of society to be classed as public services.
with this explanation of vote, i repeat the need to adopt measures which guarantee and promote stability and security in the countries of origin.
the action plan proposed to us by the commission calls for a safe use of the internet.
we respect these priorities of the grass-roots people.
it has done a competent and good job, within limited opportunities.
unfortunately, it has recently been no longer like this, and it is not just a matter of misfortune but of a subsidy.
i should also note that no amendment has been tabled.
we have very active cooperation in the joint parliamentary assembly and, as mr frattini also points out, our work is always a parliamentary matter.
but as a global champion of product safety, we must prevent these dangerous goods from crossing - especially in china.
let us therefore fight unnecessary red tape and respect the principle of subsidiarity, but let us not oppose the european institutions precisely because we want to be closer to our citizens.
at the ministerial meetings - the first of which is the second at the level of the seven-second group - a series of reforms could be stepped up where cooperation between the camps and the migrant of migrants could be stepped up.
will he raise this issue in dialogue with the turkish authorities so that mayors and guardians are restored to live together peaceful coexistence all the people living in turkey.
the success of the reform depends very much on the commission's bureau.
pt i welcome the initiatives and measures that are being taken at european level to combat illnesses and, in particular, alzheimer's disease.
it is important that the money used to invest the loans in the countries concerned is reinvested in the countries concerned, because this is the only way to combat hunger and disease.
the international criminal court is under threat.
the first is the idea that if you also involve those who do the work, that is the idea that if you also involve those who do the work, that is the question of subsidiarity.
mr president, we in the group of the party of european socialists were pleased with the commission's proposal, but even more so on the really demanding and courageous report by mrs randzio-plath because he would have been the only person who had consistently drawn the conclusion from this requirement.
i do not quite understand the commission.
reach will encourage the sector's sector's livelihoods, because it is the companies that want to bring new and more environmentally friendly chemicals onto the market and because it promotes the regeneration of older and themacials.
the progress that has been made is not due to the greater willingness of saddam hussein to cooperate, but to un resolutions and military pressure.
we hope that india and pakistan, with the support of the european parliament, will be far more enthusiastic about reminding them of this than they do for themselves and for the rest of the world.
if the media are to inform people objectively about the work of the eu, they must concentrate on real activity and should not constantly fall back on any type of consolidation or any type of scandals.
the new impetus for the new building has been constructed and reinstated.
i mentioned them in particular because they have put an incredible amount of work into ensuring that we reach a good agreement on the european external action service.
the adoption of the report was a bit difficult, because in one point in the committee we are faced with problems that we have encountered.
i voted against.
it was much too late for the report to be arrested in an environmentally friendly manner.
we must not allow ourselves to be opened up, and i congratulate the presidency for having made this clear.
the current situation comes at a time when the commission has promised to present a number of sectors during the current year, particularly in the case of cereals, fruit and vegetables, and i expect that this will happen.
the next two years will be crucial.
it is true that the burmese regime has now been ready first, and has a few political prisoners in recent times, but that is not enough.
while all of us condemn it, we have been rewarded by the president and with facilitation, as he has done innocent diligent regeneration and by the president' s bureau.
i ask the commission and the council to take press freedom seriously when negotiations with russia begin.
this part of the resolution is very important, but unfortunately the conclusions are not forthcoming.
thank you for your presence here today with us, which i will use to talk about cotton, which is a problem for spain and greece, but i would like to see the whole of europe become one.
it will certainly create problems, but we can also see the opportunities that a single currency can open.
the shadow rapporteur deserves our gratitude.
there are a number of changes to the agenda, in addition to those announced on 12 may.
today's vote has a high agenda.
on the other hand, as far as research is concerned, we have a programme of reforms and initiatives on the other hand.
as far as the latter area is concerned, the community research programmes are laid down in the council apparatus, which, according to article 7 of the commission' s proposal, unanimously supports it.
i therefore support amendment 8, which calls for these victims to be given access to training in order to prevent the spread of the disease and for them to be given the opportunity to abortion in the case of pregnancy.
es mr president, thank you for your statement on behalf of our institution condemning the murders perpetrated by eta.
that is the problem and the great challenge.
i said: 'you prefer, you give you a number of different individuals and reports from a terrorist organisation by five pledges.
this is a great step forward, but it is important that they are vigorously committed to this directive.
i believe that access to rural development is just as important as but, nevertheless, this basic service is not available in many rural regions of europe.
on the other hand, of course, we also want to adopt specific objectives and measures, because that is the only way we can put pressure on the member states.
globalisation and change bring social problems.
however, the performance of the enterprises did not count for high-level mining in comparison with ukraine.
the group for a europe of nations is very pleased with the quality of the report and the proposed amendments tabled by our colleague mr blokbuilding.
in writing. - i abstained on the vote on the appointment of mr diamonds as a member of the court of auditors.
freedom of expression is the foundation of democracy.
however, i emphasise that life must be respected in all its different forms and must comply with the strict principles governing the handling and use of such complex and complex substances.
with regard to accountability i would like to know whether the commission has asked europol to explain why this authority was not in a position to see and prevent the flight of three international terrorists who had taken refuge in colombia before they last month publicly in the european union in 2001.
that is what the treaty requires of us.
mr president, we have another annual report, this time in 2001, which contains serious criticisms from the court of auditors on several points.
women and girls are trafficked on our continent.
this particular enlargement will have a great deal of consequences.
it must be clarified who in the european union will take on the cost of additional requirements, such as tests and investigations, and the conditions in the member states must be the same.
despite this, mr blokland's proposal is very much to be welcomed.
we would not be in this position today if the commission had acted quickly, openly and decisively.
this discussion triggered a dramatic change in the opinion of many people.
the first is the existence and the particularly active nature of the european office of facilitators.
the temptation to create our own crisis is simply too great.
these countries, through historical steps, have just begun to rely on their national identity from the great red soviet union of the soviet union, so their citizens want to be europeans without compromising their national identity or the democratic institutions that are just created.
this is an example of flooding that makes a europe of common values impossible.
applications such as theses, for example, are used in the context of madeira, among other things.
that is why the member states have welcomed the high priority given by mr piebalgs to further progress in this area, as well as the recently published energy efficiency programme or less of it.
we must admit that not all of them have anything to do with.
this will not only reduce the dependency of graduates, but will also guarantee a higher level of ownership in these systems.
mr president, commissioner, i am pleased that we have been able to debate and pass a great deal of interesting reports in the last few months and we have also been able to vote in favour of it, partly because the internal market also makes sense in transport and in need.
i do not, however, agree with the deletion of the special line for this young and so young.
this raises the question of the relationship between the economic policies of the european union and the european union's basic principles such as european solidarity, equal opportunities, sustainable development and human rights.
last month, commissioner de miguel assiduously chaired all mr donations.
i would therefore ask you to give you some relief, both in the public and in the private sector.
we must combat the loss of development aid and the level of activity that it claims to suffer from.
however, you have not been able to do so for many people, which is very apparent in terms of the provisions on the transitional arrangements, if i can quote in the german version "the deadline for implementation of the directive for the period of four years.
the content of the matter is actually guaranteed, but it must be ensured that this cooperation is aimed at specific cultural needs in a wider sense, that is the need for cultural and cultural diversity in the field of culture.
mr president, i understand my colleagues' frustration.
first of all, i hope that the council of guardians will become stronger and that the european union will play a strong role in this.
that is why i propose that 15 % should be allocated here.
mr president, our group has not signed this resolution for a number of important reasons.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i believe that the council proposal for a regulation on rapid aid measures is a correct response to a situation that is a real crisis not only in economic terms, but also in terms of political and institutional activity.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in a sea of trouble, some islands are taking shape.
the debate is closed.
of course, we will have new rules, but they will have to adapt to these rules and not the other way round.
in fact, the more you receive, the less you will be.
these women who live in poverty and unemployment in the east are often faced with false facts or dressed up in the west as a result of being exploited.
the position of the united states is of course much stronger and has unfair advantages for our transatlantic partners.
a glance at the inspection required shows that some member states simply do not comply with their statutory obligations.
the european parliament and the debate we are taking today and the final decision on which we will hopefully be able to come to a conclusion shows that such a delicate and difficult effort can be further enhanced and can continue along these lines.
the group of the european liberal, democrat and reform party is asking for a commission statement on the french government's refusal to lift the ban on british beef.
you often make our speeches with great dedication.
15. centralised support and consolidation
i particularly regret the lack of reference to the problem with the pact itself, which must be strengthened.
the office of the bureau will do so very soon, as you are absolutely right and this list must be sought and supported.
we know that there is consensus on the question of the concentration on renewable energies, including that of the young.
frontex is currently facing several problems.
as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy, i am pleased to note that my committee and the committee on employment and social affairs are on the same scale on a number of important issues.
the system of rapid-and entities is open, non-discriminatory, and based on voluntarily completed decommissioning operations.
american companies are already using the first satellites in the area, that is to say, attempts are being made on the basis of qualifications, but experiments are ongoing.
we should therefore take time to look closely at the aims and effects of a mai, since social cohesion, ecological and democratic co-determination will not be subject to restrictive restrictions in one may, but the first principle is the opposite.
nevertheless, the council has had a number of positive pledges, which have been increasing the death penalty for two years, and we would like to see this in the previous question that this is one of the union's policies.
decisions on a large number of details must be taken.
we are sometimes quite different from her when it comes to drugs but in this case she is very grateful.
i hope that projects such as this do not lead to more drugs becoming european co-operation.
we welcome the fact that a political framework has been reached in hong kong, which de facto provides the ground for negotiations in geneva, but the policy has achieved something here.
there are deficiencies in germany in particular.
these are small and small tax havens and exceptions which we obviously allow and where eu law does not apply.
indeed, we should do everything we can to promote renewable and alternative energy sources.
instead, the focus should be on international developments.
hu mr president, today sees increasingly diverse challenges ahead.
the possibility of a partial or complete suspension of cooperation in cases of serious human rights violations under article 32a of lomé is no exception.
because the pensioners in this country in which they had received their pensions and had the benefit of this service, only average six months on average and that was the best state ...
in writing. - ro as recently as the fruit and vegetables sector in particular, it is possible to increase the level to 60 %.
secondly, in view of the fact that the british government is a labour government and i am a general, but at least i feel obliged to feel obliged to represent you in my capacity as chairman of the committee on fisheries or in any other way.
we want the european funds - which have already been opened up - to be extended to cross-border installations without national borders playing a role, because we want effective rail transport.
the suspension of the customs duties of the joint undertaking will allow local establishments in the autonomous regions of madeira and the azores to exempt the import of a certain amount of sub-denominations.
it is not intended as a legislation for mining or for determining it, especially as the future directive on mining will cover the safety of premiums.
the heart of europe is now being put forward in echo, and there is also the fate of democracy on the european continent.
mr president, commissioner, i would like to begin with a brief quote from a letter that i have recently received from a company with more than 100 co-members, and we are following the debate on the issue of whistleblowers.
the state that makes legal murder a pillar of its justice system is far more criminal than those before it supposedly wishes to protect society.
the liberal group is pleased with the objective assessment of all applicants.
the president cut off the speaker
firstly, there is the legal aspect.
they can only be achieved if we genuinely believe in god if, of course, we unreservedly support god if, by means of his eloquence, we can act as co-determinants in the words of his eloquence.
of course we will continue throughout the negotiations as soon as the time is right, when the time is right, to keep to the implementation of the subsidy.
that will be very helpful.
i am convinced that most citizens, at least in the case of simplification, would be thinking if we were constructively to improve things rather than our anger and support.
we have therefore given more attention to territorial cohesion and we have also formulated the urban concerns more specifically.
this means that we have a huge upgrading of ships. we have ships.
only strong external pressure on ukraine and active cooperation can help the country to abandon short-term and often personal interests in favour of the genuine independence of russia and of a rule of law free of corruption.
that is why the commission must support its decision on the world com and on procurement.
that is why the commission remains committed to maintaining its firm position on the conduct of normalities and mergers.
macro-financial assistance.
it mr president, mr frattini, ladies and gentlemen, there are a number of points arising from the conclusions of the recent european council on which we should be able to reach an agreement and which could be described as encouraging for the near future.
this speech could be made on the occasion of the year of intercultural dialogue that we have just begun.
unemployment, as the report states, is our biggest problem and the european central bank cannot ignore that.
rather, it was in terms of declarations of intent or, worse still, general condemnation of condemnation of all europeans and therefore unfair to all and sundry.
not even the provision of an adequate financial framework for the third multiannual programme for smes has been adopted.
what is the position of the united states on the important issue of kurdish planning.
i asked him whether the commission would be supplementing this support package with an aid that is not mere words.
this is the only way to give hope to people who are still dying of diseases which could and should have been abolished long ago.
apart from purely university support, a single cmo will mean our upgrading and carrot - more easily accessible and easier - and thus more easily accessible and appreciative.
. the actions that the countries and international organisations are always talking about.
we cannot accept this transfer of funds to the eu commission by the people elected by the people.
mr president, the european union's policy towards belarus is certainly an example of sensible planning.
no, it is not a matter of closing down, because liberalism has not worked, but because there is still no social market regulation in europe.
that was the intention of the governments in development aid development assistance, arguing that their own needs are best known.
when the committee on agriculture and rural development broach this issue, it also addressed the general problem of discrimination against farmers from the new eu member states.
and we need to evaluate the implementation of the implementation after three projects, which european added value has in mind.
the fact is that competitors on this earth are particularly dedicated to industrial policy, for example, to the united states, china or even brazil and india.
this time this is a recommendation to the council which has deliberately been kept very brief in order not to repeat the well-known and approved proposals of the two previous resolutions.
this sector is central to agriculture's own rural areas of the european union.
in writing. - pl mr president, russia's approach to georgia is simply unacceptable.
in darfur, there is a conflict of gratitude in darfur, which gives the european union an opportunity to show the role it can play outside europe.
further steps must be taken to achieve effective stability.
the member states should be able to define their own resources and determine their own priorities for housing and for themselves.
we are now trying to put all our major players in order around this strategy.
but that also means, and i have to say this for once, that all those fellow members who have criticised me last time because i criticized them for being able to leave the last vote at 12 noon may have left the chamber.
it is a market.
if they are not released, china will lose sight.
this consensus has enabled us to hold on to a broader vision and i think that this is the great strength of the european parliament.
however, the policy of the state of israel is a matter of anti-semitism, and it is a matter of anti-semitism.
information and communication technologies ict is one of the areas that have developed most in recent decades, and represented in all areas of human activity.
this is a dramatic situation, not only because the natural environment is being destroyed, but also because illegal trade is being practised with holdings and this trade is also growing frighteningly.
it is important to have such an agency function in order to ensure the smooth running of the internal market, which specifically affects the daily lives of citizens and the level playing field with regard to nanoshops.
the british presidency has made a commitment to make progress towards the progress made on economic change and to ensure that the individual can acquire the skills needed in a mountain economy.
we are aware of the problems that the european union has in the field of the audiovisual media and that will undoubtedly cause problems in the candidate countries too.
the riches that receive these funds will not have the feeling that the european union will help them.
access to drinking water and access to public services for the whole population is also an extremely important problem in uzbekistan, particularly in the republic of moldova.
the summer is beginning to happen and are particularly in the south, especially in the south.
it is the farmers who need to reform and promote their cultures, and not those of their own agriculture.
we shall now proceed to the vote.
the commission will of course continue to monitor developments on the market and will use the means at its disposal to intervene in the market if it is necessary and useful.
a roll-call vote on friday does not count.
i would ask that this be addressed here, namely, whether our policy is correct and that it also becomes a matter for the russians.
allow me just one last thing when a person is attacked on the basis of his religion, his sexual crusades of his ethnic origin and so on, and we simply stand by and do nothing about the same conditions that have ultimately led to the second world war.
we still do not have the courage to acknowledge the fact that the political anti-globalisation policy - not only islamic states or some such states, but also terrorist organisations such as al propriety and associated movements - has claimed many victims throughout the world.
mr president, commissioner, i would also like to be able to say to you, mr president-in-office of the council, but unfortunately he is not here.
this report makes it clear that he is committed to the current peace process.
i therefore call on commissioner flynn to present a proposal for a directive, and i urge members to support the report and the amendments that i have tabled in my name.
by the way, ireland has not transposed the directive on part-time work and is now completely in line with the rest of europe on these issues.
however, i would like to point out that we are not allowed to pass judgment on the principles of the european treaties.
this is not the way to conduct the right behaviour with regard to growth and development.
it is the joint responsibility of the member states and the timidment to support the euro' s achievements, but public opinion needs support measures that are nothing to do with a country-by-country tribunal.
mr lamy said today that there is a subsidy.
now, immediately after this decision, we have the next topic in enhanced cooperation on the table.
i have already mentioned that which focuses on poverty, but with regard to the quantity and quality of jobs in europe, we have skills skills skills in europe and under the europe 2020 heading.
the starting point is, in fact, the interest and desire to change the situation because intolerance takes place.
it is therefore urgent to implement the second das and the third energy package.
high representative for the common foreign and security policy. - mr president, i am speaking today for the first time in 2009 for you to speak.
from this point of view, a degree of caution could be attributed to the relationship between the representatives of the company, the trade unions and the ukraine.
the report was adopted by a large majority in november, but it was not accepted by the council.
the weight that the european union attaches to the european exporters must not be underestimated.
the words used by the dalai lama to his people and even threaten him with his resignation.
we have seen that romano timor' s bail ation has prevented the structural funds from being used effectively.
these questions have very often been put forward and i must tell you honestly that your answer is very unsatisfactory for this parliament.
a war in iraq would destroy many things again and therefore all our efforts must be made to contribute to a region in which we find ourselves.
nuclear power knows no national boundaries, nor does it know the borders of europe.
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009.
i continue to be swoboda and am proud of these typically german positions.
the only alternative assessment of the state of the stock was determined by canadian haiti under the auspices of the ukraine.
i understand that you were informed of this decision by the committee of presidents of the group of the political groups last thursday, so you were aware of the decision.
i must ask, today, as rapporteur, that i am disappointed with the question as to whether these commitments and commitments were really meant seriously or whether it was a matter of urgency to obtain an agreement in the council.
industry too must at last know where it goes on and to know the relevant data, and it is perhaps more likely to be prepared to do so.
two years ago, as is apparent from current judicial research, you are well aware of the fact that both eu and european countries are in breach of american funds.
as a result of the application of the new rules and of the provisions laid down in the regulation,
in my opinion, this is a step forward.
it is not a law; it is a scandal.
the leading forces in ukraine must finally tackle the problems together, because it is also linked to a dispute within ukraine's political spectrum, which is totally unacceptable to us.
the idea is to make russia economically dependent on the use of western solutions.
however, with regard to the concept and analysis, we must not delude ourselves into thinking that national culture is encouraged by restrictions on access to culture.
the new solidarity fund should and must be a tool in the short term and must therefore be targeted.
i am really looking forward to the discussions tomorrow morning and then to the start of the real debate.
it has to be clarified how the accession of the union to the hague convention is to take place in order to make it easier for the member states to ratify parts of the convention which do not fall within the community's remit.
we have always seen threats and assumptions that we absolutely cannot accept.
this is not just a contradiction with regard to the ambition that is being pursued with regard to the ambition - a european merger - to further deepen the gap between the elected members of parliament and the electorate, while on the other hand there is to be a rapprochement between the members of the european parliament and the public, but also the violation of article cns.
it is up to british members to decide whether they want their own criminal principles against this promoter based on merit.
the purpose of the report we are discussing is to reduce the number of obstacles to the reception of facilities in europe by creating a legal framework in accordance with the legitimate expectations of ukraine.
the euro will contribute to the creation and creation of new jobs in europe.
unfortunately, as a result of the blockade of individual members, the council has not been able to move the seemingly ceiling of eur 15 billion.
it is a fact that we live in a globalised world where the individual countries are linked by economic, social, cultural and political ties.
i hope there will be no further comments from the gue/ngl group on this subject.
the second reason is that this measure is in the hands of the structural surpluses, and it is also an incentive to sell the product that is far more valuable and more beneficial than those in third countries, but unfortunately the european union does not carry out such measures for other products.
this study will be made possible by this study.
eu declarations alone do not create social security.
in order to promote this general awareness i have tried hard to inform citizens of their rights and to inform everyone about the positive results achieved in respect of these rights.
i reject that.
of course, such tragedies, such as the fate of the senegalder in the unmik crisis or reserve, when the authorities of the member states and the commission are more enthusiastic about giving up one of their most important responsibilities, namely the security of all.
however, the construction of the pipeline also requires active participation by the countries concerned.
i would like to make it quite clear that i find it very regrettable that the commission does not succeed in ensuring that market access in the united states at long last reaches the market in the united states.
this european creation will be made easier by amending the treaties, which is what is decided in europe and in ireland to prevent a referendum.
will the socialist fundamentalists be able to do likewise.
of course, we must be consulted in the legislative procedure, but we must ask ourselves whether the commission, which, in a way, restricts the debate to its own benches and leaves little substance left to the debate in parliament.
the commission is fully committed to this endeavour, through humanitarian facilitation, or through incentives.
however, there is another key to the success of the lisbon strategy, namely a genuine internal market for goods, workers, services and grants.
as this is happening now, i would also like to expressly acknowledge it.
if no common agreement is possible, then only the regrettable and arbitrary option of establishing a network of bilateral agreements will allow russia to treat different member states differently.
subject: illegal immigration
i would like to thank the rapporteur, mrs gradin, very warmly for the very thorough work she has done on the proposal for these rules in close contact with the provision of donors.
i do not personally believe that the solution lies in the conservation of the environment.
we have, for a long time, highlighted the importance of agriculture within the framework of development policy.
i speak in my capacity as rapporteur for agriculture and i think it is necessary to allow the word agriculture to be pushed through this chamber because we have concerns, not only as regards the figures but also the procedure.
written minutes see minutes
as an example, i would like to mention article 2 and chapter 7 concerning the delegation of powers under the charter.
that must also be the kind of umbrella that we all have to address, and i believe that it has little point to make a positive contribution to the enlargement process at a time when parliament is making a positive contribution to the enlargement process.
in writing. - de the situation in the whole of north africa is indeed dangerous, while at the same time accepting it.
that is a major problem.
mr president, honourable members, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to express my opinion here on behalf of the commission and commissioner patten, who is apologizing for the current situation in the middle east and the commission's activities.
i hope that the united states will be a facilitator and not a package.
i believe that it is very important for the next presidency to take on its mandate in january with this new direction, with a new college of commissioners who are in office as early as the end of this year.
however, i would like to draw your attention to the attitude that commissioner flynn had in mind to hold a debate on this issue.
the measure is that it will have an effect only if the council makes a unanimous provision for it.
question no 29 by izquierdo rojo
this is also true of the latter, for we must ensure, on the one hand, that the citizens can exercise their prerogatives to permaath, but on the other hand we must also ensure that those who practise our freedoms are punished.
mr president, i am concerned about the practices of our governments, which have come to a compromise with the european parliament and the national parliaments and then carry on with their own will, and then continue to enforce their own will, in other words to repeat the practice that nice has become a bottom.
there is cooperation in the field of malaysia and cooperation in the field of justice and cooperation.
mr el secretary-general, on 16 june, the secretary general of the international affairs council intends to present a report to this authority on what he has in mind of the iranian funds.
she has destroyed a large part of the regeneration of new housing, most of it has taken away the young boys - they are generations - and have really destroyed the newly revived.
almost 30 people are being accommodated in such a boat in the first place, causing so much water to drink them in the first instance or in the first place.
if the lisbon strategy is not to be just about empty words, parliament rightly expects a significant increase in the resources for this area.
this requires steps which are far more crucial to achieving a truly macroeconomic policy at european level, which we do not yet have.
my group welcomes the progress that has been made by some companies to examine and scrutinise the level of progress, whether this is for example the information on their insistence on the effectiveness of their policy on equal opportunities or their commitment to the local communities.
in writing. - when we vote on a policy that includes upgrading and rehabilitation, we understand the protection and promotion of the life and health of the mother and of the individual.
i would also like to know this, because i would then think that it would be in your perspective.
municipalities and state organisations must therefore of course have the right to take account of their environmental, social and social objectives.
it is a process in which the european union and the european union are jointly contributing to the achievement of political, economic and social support in the respective societies.
in my opinion, we should also remember a further decentralisation, namely a subsidiary like turkey, which is not mentioned in this decision.
let us ensure, commissioner, that china needs us just as much as we need china.
i would like to call on the prime minister, with his czech colleagues, to present the treaty of lisbon to the czech parliament at the time of ratification.
the debate is closed.
i believe that the signing of the momentum for the start of the negotiations is very welcome and will contribute to the reform of public administration and justice, but i hope that the agreement will be able to combat any tendencies among the albanian population in the process.
it is also important, however, that the number of agencies is not merely increased on a political basis for their own sake.
in this sense, the gröner presented by the presidency is a document which does not honour its author, which is why it is politically valuable.
i therefore welcome the initiative report of the rapporteur, which included my call in the report.
of course they can make proposals, but no decisions are taken.
free trade does not mean .
we want fishing and marketing to be based on sustainable and medium-term criteria, as well as the principles of food safety, which will define control mechanisms in order to ensure that imported products provide the same guarantees as our own fleet and industry.
i am sorry, prime minister, that i am going to give you that.
i believe that the key to the success of this strategy lies in a government-based youth mainstreaming process, in which all actors in society, public bodies and dispensation must participate in the democratic debate on terrorism.
mr president, the vice-president who chaired you was right to ask the honourable members to give the floor to the chamber when a debate is taking place.
since this was a meeting, of course, there were no formal declarations, but i believe that there is a broad degree of agreement between the member states on the basis of the debate on the central points of the current conflict.
the result is a fisheries policy that is not respected and before the commission and this house are not finding a way to resolve this issue, and the proposals on the common fisheries policy will also strengthen the proposals for these proposals.
these are all things that make life somewhat less costly in these communities.
i do not think that the people who live in human beings will get their grants.
enterprises are certainly a good idea and have been under discussion since the early years.
i would just like to stress one point: in order for the interreg ii c initiative to be fully implemented in the regions in which it is implemented in full, it is vital to ensure that both the eu member states and the third countries that participate in this programme are fully involved.
there has been talk of protecting these human rights and i would like to underline the idea that human rights are being given the opportunity to exercise their role as independent.
before the end of this year, the report on turkey must be presented.
if you are to be able to live up to it, you must not be guided by political measures, nor by charity, or by charity.
amendment no 23 on payment appropriations is confusing the duties of both consumers and undertakings.
firstly, it has highlighted the importance of the single market as europe' s platform in the world, which is crucial to the competitiveness of european industry and european services, which is of course quite right.
there are limits.
mr president, there is a gap between the eu's fine words of equality, social inclusion and diversity and the reality of the situation in the member states.
that is my first point.
member states have ethical questions and they should continue to do so.
what is needed now is, above all, clarity on the rules in force and the steps needed, and i therefore welcome our joint motion for a resolution, because it brings us precisely this point.
i have learned a great deal here today.
that is why we need a new regulation to end the current regulation at the end of 2011 and i believe that these two concrete examples demonstrate that clearly.
if you succeed in this, the main obstacles to the accession negotiations with slovakia will be removed.
we cannot act on a defensive basis.
i support the call for further research into animal welfare and agricultural practices, such as improved graduates and the breeding of contraceptives.
however, this is not a matter of priority.
our commitment is also due to another circumstance - namely that mozambique is one of the few african countries which, by democratic means, has been carrying out a civil war in its people, who have been deprived of it for many years after independence.
we need to ensure that our institutions are operational, including from the perspective of enlargement, from the perspective of the ageing of our institutions and of the european union.
in denmark alone, the amount earmarked for aid is eur 2 billion per year, and that is why this small fund simply is.
this is particularly the case with the use of subsidy.
to give an example: in order to support local support, the romanian government has decided on this.
i believe that the european level is the right place to reconcile clear objectives in terms of curbing the level of preparedness and youth confidence.
and i have had to write to the text of this scoreboard programmed the real world.
so, why should this be?
it took a long time, but we finally reached a conclusion.
it would be incomprehensible to the poorest countries on our planet if they were to pay the bill for an interinstitutional controversy.
– brussels agencies.
that is a subsidy.
these three cases represent the impression of great injustice here.
unfortunately, as the speakers have said, hardly any progress has been made in this area, and this is partly due to the lack of initiative by the commission and other institutions, but also to the lack of initiative on the part of the commission and other institutions to put the finishing touches to the true ideals of the internal market.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i think the text as it stands is clear.
we, the young generation, do not want to go back to a traditional system of preferences, in which security only means security.
this is an international issue which requires international solutions, possibly joint initiatives by the united nations and the european union.
in order to do this, the country has a variety of movements, such as the establishments and the nurseries.
the european union and its member states have long been promoting dialogue between different communities – both within the european union and with muslim neighbours, as well as in other parts of the world.
the question is, i believe, justified.
we expect the commission to fulfil its obligations and we hope that the rapporteur will perhaps take a somewhat wiser approach.
the general fisheries commission for the mediterranean basin was created under an international convention.
it should have been done.
the european parliament has repeatedly adopted a very clear position and we want international legislation to prohibit the application of the product, production, finance and storage of arms.
the current situation is one that will show whether europe really exists or not.
in addition, international organisations such as todayau will also be grateful.
but it is impossible to get things as good as without financial resources.
we want to know what is going on.
one of them would also have to put an end to every emergency.
the export of diamonds and subsidies has been prohibited.
we are also proportionate, one of the biggest losers in the treaty of nice, when it comes to the seats in the european parliament.
it will not be possible to implement a new form of consolidation of its effects, as well as a significant increase in the level of support.
i look forward to hearing who will vote for them tomorrow.
however, the proposals require others.
we could therefore say that we are in a position to ensure that the directorate-general for work with others, in particular the directorates-general, education and culture directorate, and enterprises alike, is able to come up with a concerted approach to this mechanism.
they are either just as much as they are out of kilow, or they are either one or the other.
madam president, this debate could not be clearer and more topical.
firstly, we should agree with mr deprez’s view that all documents relating to economic policy need to be combined with the same brush.
to have a double standard depending on whether the agreements between the north and the south are compatible with the situation in the world.
the commission intends to review this and to give parliament a report in three years’ time to provide information on how things stand.
in my opinion, renationalization would mean turning back to the common agricultural policy.
the lessons from the fourth report prompt us to consider the period after 2013 onwards because the operational programmes for 2007-2013 are now almost everywhere.
this is obviously a debate between the one that gives the impression that they wanted to complete the stability and growth pact in its entirety and, on the other hand, to those who, in its present form, have manifestly given a holy name to the stability and growth pact.
we are living in a time when we are reminded of what can happen; we are talking about a community of 500 million people, most of whom are state-coming food products.
section bb bb, for the 2004 financial year, has a eur 1 million million appropriation and provides for the relocation of three infrastructural facilities to deadlines which had been approved in amending budget no 2 of this year.
question no 4 by mr dupuis
the next item is the report by mr titley, on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy, on the second annual report under number 8 of the operational provisions of the european union code of conduct for 2007-2013.
this seems to be the case at least today with the two reports which we are discussing today.
moreover, the foreign policy of the european union is only a specific area and, therefore, in addition to qualifications and a broad geographical base, a principle must be applied, whereby volunteering will be adequately represented by all member states under the staff of the european external action service.
different levels of taxation of different kinds of entities are also a factor but the question arises as to how easy or difficult it is for the european union to take a decision on housing.
if we apply double standards here, it is obvious that the candidate countries are discriminated against for the euro area.
i think one could deal with the issue very well in this area and that basically it would not change anything - to the good use of the european parliament, which seems to me to be necessary.
that is, of course, a very important point, and it must not be allowed to continue.
i have this subject in my reply to mr blokton's question, but these elements should, of course, also be respected in this context.
mixed reactions
finally, in our discussions we have to consider the effects of the conflict on children and young people.
the proposal is a response to public concern that the current level of detention is too low.
for it is better to return to our national interests where we have a common denominator, because we can develop the strength of the common denominator and also of national interests.
the commission is very committed to fulfilling its responsibility and responding to it very carefully.
fishermen are not against controls on the contrary, on the assumption that they have done so on the same basis, both in the individual member states and in respect of third countries.
in order to successfully combat smoking, we need a solid basis, a comprehensive community strategy based on appropriate investigations and the best knowledge, with the aim of controlling smoking and giving people a key role in initiating effective legislative measures, prevention and awareness in this strategy as well.
however, the european parliamentary labour party is opposed to the inclusion of gmos in this directive, because we believe that this directive is not suitable for this and that it is also considered that this area is covered by other legislation and that there may be confusion as to what legislation is appropriate.
however, there is one issue that remains to be debated.
this will give the new framework for the internal market a solid foundation which will have a positive impact on freedom of establishment and the creation of new companies.
they are voting in favour of the future being open to the future, the voices of women, who expect us to take real action.
in this context, the question arises as to whether the current debate on the state of preparedness of the unions in the czech republic and the related threat of strikes only serve this purpose, in reality to focus attention on the real problems.
excuse the eminently legal nature of this response.
the report says nothing about this.
nl mr president, i would like to warmly congratulate mr kinnock on a highly succinct report.
they are also increasingly affected by this.
the sitting was suspended at 11:00 and resumed at 12:00
to take just one example, the joint allocation must be part of the future cohesion policy, including in relation to the choice of projects.
in a few months' time, johannesburg will not only be the time to take stock, but then the moment of truth will also become apparent.
we must therefore impose and maintain sanctions which express our position.
apart from ecological aspects, this has an economic impact because more and more honey must be imported.
however, mergers should also be considered at a time when the european union is giving priority to employment, in view of its impact on the labour market and regional development.
that is why i believe that it is urgently necessary not to allow moldovans, but to send a clear signal to people that they have rights to participate in mobility.
an example of this is that it shows that there is no country in which the balkan countries are going to disarm, and that those countries that wish to do so are already able to meet the normal conditions demanded by the european union for a stabilisation and association agreement.
the second aspect is the obligation to carry out all new buildings as an essential condition for calculating energy efficiency.
finally, the different definitions such as the management or management of these units would have to be re-established, because this would prevent different standards from having different effects on the same territories and problems, as could be done in the application of decommissioning facilities and in the case of development.
hence the importance of these measures.
it is true, mr poignant, that this market will contribute to greater efficiency in the business, but we can only achieve this by means of a harmonised system of public service obligations.
these were, of course, topics of common interest such as portfolio trade or development.
however, this was adopted by the large majorities in the house and with the socialist group and we would ask that it be amended in its lists.
hydrogen has different characteristics of conventional fuels, such as petrol and solidity and, above all, it lays down the necessary safety requirements.
indeed, this exhortation is an impediment to the creation of a european venture based on common harmonised standards, which will allow the best practice on the market.
the commission's white paper on sport, adopted on 11 july 2007, also comprehensively addresses issues such as the free movement of guinea, especially in the title of the title ‘eu and homeland’ .
a coordinated and authoritative declaration on behalf of the council, the commission and the european parliament could make a significant contribution to our major institutional debate under new auspices and perhaps also to some of the specific concerns that have emerged from the national debates on the constitutional treaty.
finally, i would like to address two other issues.
what is the issue here?
making the european economy the most competitive and dynamic and not based on the intensive exploitation of resources will require better and more effective application of the resources needed to achieve maximum levels for our processes and products, but will also require the existence of other factors.
in my opinion, we need to respond to the current challenges in the energy sector and to the associated issues in diversity and technological innovation.
written statements rule 149
this task, this challenge and the impetus we all give to give new political impetus to you, the action plan on the joint programme on justice and home affairs, reflecting the programme of dialogue between cultures and civilisations.
many members wanted to give the commission a subsidy.
the solution must be the prohibition of selling: not only the ban on new manufactured housing, which is very important and which is widely recognised by the european commission and a number of european countries, but a total ban because of the problem of preparedness and a lack of control.
that is what we are planning and we are all aware of the reasons why.
that is not what we are aiming at, and we need to limit it.
it is also the case that this resolution was adopted pursuant to rule 47, paragraph 4 of the rules of procedure, which applies to the election of the commission as a whole rather than to the replacement of a commissioner.
that is how it was intended from the beginning.
the debate is closed.
we can see what kind of scoreboard we have had in our part of europe after we have not been able to bring together a transport policy as the european union.
in the united states, we have not had the same sort of rigid monetary policy as in europe.
tomorrow we will also have the degree of relief given to the degree of relief under the umbrella of facilitation, and to address all the aspects relating to cooperation policy in the field of energy, in which we have already held numerous technical meetings in recent months.
mr president, as parliament knows, my report is devoted to the spanish initiative aimed at simplifying and reducing the amount of red tape of schengen by allowing the member states to grant a priority at the external borders in order to give the member states easier access to the external borders.
it is because of the increase in the provision of greater resources.
the second condition is that the governments must have the courage to speak to the general public about the decisions to be taken and about the skills that exist between them about the future of europe and that they must seek support.
we must make no mistake: we give money directly to us.
these are massive changes which should be made more widely available in connection with security and merges, because they have far-reaching implications.
the main issue i want to focus on is that of taking account of specific geographical facilities, especially of what it does not fear.
the laws must be clear and strong, and they must be applied and enforced by all member states.
it means building up without barriers, not creating obstacles, and then making them a solemn elimination.
what we are talking about here is not just a matter of extrajudicial staff but of a branch of government representation, which is the presidency of the council.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we considered that no major studies of the impact would be carried out in this regard, because we are more than adequate information to produce this proposal.
i would like to thank him sincerely for his contribution to this framework programme, which is based on his ideas on the european research area, as well as on the new instruments, such as integrated projects, integrated projects.
public investment and expenditure in the housing sector - which is exactly what you have just said - is the spirit of this task, which is precisely what you said when you insisted that the eib funds would go down that road.
with regard to the future, the commission considers that its action should be regarded as an investment in responsible fisheries and not merely as a simple luxury.
then there is the question of decentralisation.
we must also think of the european council resolution, which already proposed a cooperative cooperation plan in june.
we now have a reliable framework for this.
in addition, recent developments have unfortunately shown that this team does not carry out with certain situations.
it cannot be the task of the eu to draw up a policy for all regions, and especially not for the regeneration of a region with which we have traditionally worked very well together and only one member state which is members of the eu as previously as previously.
75% of the european union's agricultural areas include drinking water in drinking water through european standards.
this should lead us to reject this draft.
paragraph 2 complements the provisions of this treaty for companies responsible for services of general economic interest.
it is also intended to include developments in medium-term technologies, and above all to make efforts in good times, the level of preparedness for the need for external funding, public investment and the quality of the overall unit as a whole.
i would therefore ask the commission to present its opinion on the future of this text.
for some member states, this is also the problem of e-confidence.
the direct provision of services and services must be possible - and it is very dignified, but with respect for those conditions in terms of skills and social conditions, environmental protection and security.
there is no time for everything.
it is also a question of practical measures, as is the case on the ground, and this must be explained.
it will be difficult to query the results of your conclusions and hence the bases of your conclusions.
the systems to which i am referring, for example, to mobile zealo establishments and the equipment which implements equipment.
i believe that economic reconstruction in iraq could bring more stability.
the alternative would be to protect the population population.
with regard to mr hatzidakis' report, we must be satisfied with the fact that the council has now agreed to relax the economic framework of age.
i believe that, on the basis of its experience in the 1990s in sweden, the right man is at the right moment to do what we have failed to do so far, to develop a european union strategy to combat this economic and financial crisis.
it is not acceptable that human trafficking should be driven by human trafficking or by nurturing aid.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, we too welcome the european commission's proposal and this green paper.
however, we will not achieve the necessary interoperability by liberalising the sector.
we are in a state of despair, but we must make visible and nurturing them so that we can agree and discuss them.
that, of course, is not the intention.
this was seen as an instrument that provides a comprehensive solution.
there is no doubt that human rights and respect for principles of terrorism are part of this shared endeavour.
the union should help countries - whatever it may be and what status they have - which cover illegal activity through legislation in our view.
it is the result of 15 months of work.
the success of the euro will give the necessary greater political cooperation in europe.
under the umbrella of assurances that the negotiations between the authorities and the opposition parties were held about a week ago, it was mainly due to the refusal of the authorities and the prime minister to discuss a number of issues relating to the necessary democratic reforms.
i know that commissioner smile, who is not here today, has been somewhat sceptical about the last point, which is why we should perhaps consider a system of payments for the production of processed animals.
what is the responsibility of each and every one of us.
is europe waiting for something it does not need because it already exists?
firstly, the european ombudsman has been asked to continue his studies on third-pillar matters.
it is a rigorous, not a final decision, and we have not even had debates or discussions in the committee.
factors such as intensive nurturing and desertification are, among other things, the causes of a subsidy.
if the eu adopts stringent measures for the use of antibiotics in agricultural animals, we can also expect to see changes to the legislation in third countries, particularly as a result of the financial resources which would result from a restriction of european funding.
in other cases, the introduction and implementation of such measures has been less carefully targeted and less costly to the people concerned.
we believe that the fight against terrorism requires action to combat organised crime, which includes, in particular, the fight against money laundering and the various types of trade in trade and co-development.
but in the light of the experience of recent weeks, i have been given the message that i do not see any lack of support.
this must be done urgently.
today, president prodi, president of the commission, will be in office.
with this in mind, the report recommends a single fund for the european regional development fund, the european rural development fund, the european rural development fund, the european social fund esf and the european fisheries fund.
vice-chairman of the opinion of the committee on the environment, public health and consumer policy, on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the monitoring of leonardo and immunities, and amending the council's decision on the basis of the council directive, com2001 2007-2013.
these modern factors determine sustainability and competitiveness, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, which we hold as the presidency of the council and which we will promote.
that is why we need to get to grips with it seriously, and the member states should stop developing and start developing a common immigration policy.
the main task of the eurogroup in the context of increased economic coordination is to establish the broad economic policy guidelines.
this has meant that the italian government has had to concentrate on this problem, which is a real problem, but at the same time it has the results of the european council.
secondly, you should apply those of the singapore cap to the new measures.
the report is because it presents the problems and proposes solutions to deal with it.
there are many exhortations which require financial support and support.
in the final analysis, it is the commission which must give its consent, and it must verify compliance with community law.
the report by amnesty international was about the appalling situation of women throughout the world.
i will not be surprised to hear that some people refer to the reform of the institutions with a view to making enlargement a little easier.
the aim of this supervision is to provide more precise control and to prevent repetition of the repetition and to protect the clients of such companies in individual cases, in individual cases.
in 1999, non-governmental organisations and eur 14 million were given to the population who suffered from war.
mr president, i am sure the prime minister is right when he calls a certain number of points that must of course be included in our overall strategy if it is to produce concrete results.
the first is the responsibility of european funds.
if we are to fight actively against racism and xenophobia, the right of asylum must be respected, a policy that promotes the proper recognition of all immigrants without european citizenship nationals in the event of voting rights in all elections.
this shows the enormous effort that the commission has made since march 2005, i.e. for almost three years.
the answer is yes, if it was a good agreement.
turkey, which is supposedly the united states authoritarian ally, has done so by means of the westminster house by signing a memoranda with iran.
that is how we move forward.
this agreement is part of our strategy for sustainable development, which also promotes the competitiveness of our economy and ensures the lowest level of investment.
this monitoring system must be one of the european union's general strategies for the stabilisation of co2 emissions at the 1990 level.
in this regard, the european union is pursuing a proper policy which, as many speakers have pointed out, is all too dull and urgent.
relief, swift
so the european union's solidarity was at stake.
each of us will take part.
i can assure you, the members of the european parliament, that the irish presidency will make every effort to accelerate the implementation of the guidelines and in a positive and constructive spirit and with particular emphasis on the need for greater growth in employment.
it was right that we should be thinking about how we, the european union, intend to deal with this issue.
i would like to say that my country was very grateful to the support and cooperation of our neighbouring countries whenever necessary, but in the end a country needs to be able to act on its own methods and methods, and on its own initiative.
because the large amounts of private and cigarettes and drink drinks lead to smoking and drink even cheaply.
i therefore appeal to the new german government to show more flexibility.
however, will the most vulnerable countries only produce and be able to produce only one product at their expense.
the specific programme 2007-2013 and 2007-2013 is an attempt to contribute to a high level of security for our citizens by engaging in or combating crime, particularly terrorism, trafficking in human beings and crimes against children, hiv corruption and fraud.
it is hardly a question of a european or global scale.
we need to speed up the procedures.
this is absolutely not in order.
there have been two, and only in fleeting them, they cannot afford the medicines or the premium.
i am also pleased that the crisis has been framed with regard to the threat to standards of development.
the presidency will work closely with the future austrian presidency to prepare the first meeting of the sub-presidency that will take place during the austrian presidency.
money can be allocated to unmik and money can be invested again.
mr president-in-office of the council, i hope this point is high on your agenda.
it cannot be dealt with under the comitology procedure, because then members would be excluded from the debate and could not submit any proposals.
mr president, commissioner barnier, you are well aware that the european parliament has remained constant in its policy than it has been doing in the services directive with the incorporation of services as such.
obviously, there is little dividing between these two concepts.
today, some speakers have suggested that we are a sort of mccardding for these countries.
the communication was very wide-ranging.
so if you do not make good use of money if you do not make good use of money in the public budget because you are producing subsidies in the public budget, because you are creating subsidies for businesses, you are not surprised that this money is lacking if you want to create jobs.
as a green, i believe that there is no justification for the promotion of violence as a means of bringing about change in a democratic state.
in spite of article 13, 23 and the provisions of the geneva convention on the rights of the child, the rights of subcontracting were not respected in relation to the reception of visits by his family and the international red tape, as well as a humane treatment and summary of the exact exercise of which he is being held.
the reality is that today we are the prisoners of our loans to russia.
tasks such as parliament’s preparation for enlargement, the accession of new member states, the extension of our work to improve our work, our preparation for the lisbon challenges, in which we must legislate more and better.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i have been pressing for the conclusions of this report to be drawn up since 31 january, and for my staff in the directorate-general for regional policy.
however, we have a praesidium and we have rules that we have all formed together here.
i shall answer you with one stone.
firstly, we are in favour of protecting the citizens of the european union.
commissioner, in this report and in this parliament, you are asked to consider a new community initiative for this important sector.
if we build infrastructure as countries, how do we ensure that they also work across borders?
certain eu member states are dealing with shipments such as those implemented by emphasises, but at the same time they are sitting in committees in which they are setting up new rules for the rest of us and relaxing them rather than laying down rules on grants.
mr kinnock, on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists, on the position of the european union in the next round of loans
it was at the conference of malaysia how strong the ideas were in terms of how interested they were in this time and then very quickly to talk about the environment and even to draw attention to one particular aspect, namely those that concern us in the western world.
i believe that the european union quite simply has a duty to help this small asian state.
the historical perspective must not, of course, look us at today's problems.
the green paper is only just circulated to me so that i have not had the opportunity to read it, but only the first ones.
let us not fool ourselves.
i was expecting a constructive and positive speech.
i therefore believe that parliament should accept in principle the report despite minor problems which may come from certain changes.
having said that, i would like to quote what is said in the treaty on the establishment of the european central bank.
el mr president, i support and vote in favour of the report by mrs randzio-plath and i would like to congratulate him on the work he has done on this.
i fully agree with every one of these claims.
thank you, commissioner.
from the point of view of the european parliament, romania and bulgaria are ready to join the schengen area.
many of the emerging asian republics are now burning and seeking energy for energy - in africa and elsewhere.
with this vote, parliament is showing its full solidarity and unity with the people concerned.
i would like to ask you what your aim is for setting a timetable.
that is why i believe that we have achieved our objective thanks to a different approach.
mr bösch has submitted a report on the subject, for which i thank him.
we cannot accept that.
to date, the public prosecutor's office has refused to grant them access to these facilities and therefore the opportunity to reach an end.
what specific political consequences does the council draw from the dramatic deterioration in the situation in 2001?
i am not quite sure where it is from there, but it would be interesting to hear it.
effective elimination of poverty cannot be achieved simply by means of rules of procedure, nor by introducing a subsidy.
mr president, i would like to thank the members who took part in the debate for an interesting debate.
however - and i am addressing the public gallery - it is a debate which is very important for the people of europe and also for those present.
this report is about a globalisation such as globalisation which is becoming increasingly complicated, particularly in relation to environmental problems and the problem of the level of preparedness that is becoming increasingly important when defining the role of the european union in the world.
they must also be incorporated into the entire institutional mechanism in the run-up to enlargement.
therefore, the statements in the report on enhancing and tightening up the principles for assessing costs and the consequences of laws deserve all support.
i would like to say here today that it is important for us not to start from the outset that the euro is now successful in establishing a basis for growth and employment.
another point of departure should be the objectives of these common spaces.
explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 1371 of the rules of procedure
flexibility and simplification are all very well what the prime minister has managed to do, and the countries of central and eastern europe – who thought he was your friend, but not just the beginnings of a compromise on cap reform – are the countries of central and eastern europe.
the european union member states also have a great responsibility with regard to the allocation of pan-european funds.
member states have a responsibility to implement specific programmes to promote the active involvement and qualifications of women in the labour market and to provide concrete opportunities for lifelong learning aimed at providing the necessary skills and qualifications.
this detailed examination of its own actions is a detailed documentary and condemns accusations against israeli facilitation.
the media cannot be compared with any other industry, because they reflect our culture, our own.
mr president, mr eurlings had a very difficult task.
is based on an economic, geographic or peace-scale.
eu integration must continue.
but i was not present at all.
why should the european parliament not be involved in this area, which directly affects the lives of so many people.
i voted in favour of this report, which approves the proposal.
member of the commission. - mr president, i have noticed that a broad majority takes the same view as we are.
first of all, there is the issue of governance.
mr president, this debate has now lasted for longer than four hours, and i understand that the attention of parliament has been much faster.
mr president, once again it is customary and arbitrary in burma how diligent and arbitrary it is.
there is also no solution to the situation, for example.
in this sense, i would like once again to thank the rapporteur for his diligent approach.
first of all, the airlines must comply with their obligations as obligations and inform passengers fully in accordance with article 10 of the directive and, in accordance with article 8, consent to the transfer of sensitive data.
if that is true, the better parts will certainly be my friend and colleague, mr frattini, while the rather more isolated sections of mr leinen should come.
in an effective way, the citizens of the political parties will most certainly be able to do so.
for example, bulgaria and romania are subject to an unprecedented mechanism of cooperation and cooperation in the field of justice and home affairs.
the johannesburg summit reiterated the importance of compliance with environmental and social standards and human rights.
i would like to point out that one of the points that until very recently was highlighted was that the public sector in ireland was regulated by the private sector, and the regulation effectively came through the credit rating agencies and the markets.
the light was perhaps yesterday when israel insists on the palestinian authority being seriously committed to the fundamentalists.
parliament agreed to the proposal
that does nothing, i will try, and perhaps it will be translated in the german version and we understand each other.
the programme is under way, but that does not mean that the crisis is urgent.
we in the union want to make this a very clear requirement.
it is therefore a seemingly technical measure which may seem perhaps to be allowed, but which is of great economic and social importance.
personally, i very much welcome the opportunity to discuss the situation in the middle east.
so it is vital that it should serve the interests of the major transnational companies in the atlantic, such as title iv of the text, which relates to the permanence and the level of regulation.
on the other hand, there is the difficult situation in which the situation, particularly because of competition from the audiovisual media, is currently in place.
what i want is for british pensioners to go to the british government, german pensioners to the german government and so on.
some of the opponents of the opposition, as practised by mr dupuis recently, have been in prison for almost 30 years.
however, it appears that the government does not intend to implement the resolution of 11 march 2004.
mr president, commissioner, energy efficiency is one of the most important challenges facing the european union over the next 10 years.
pt mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, european donations for lifelong learning are a crucial document for the comparability of national and sectoral policies at european level.
we consider it important to promote respect for human rights in third countries and, at the same time, monitor the implementation in third countries.
it was right to postpone the decision on equivalence.
the decision for this war was a crisis and the war itself is a scandal.
it is therefore of the utmost importance that we, as the european parliament, should give our opinion on these issues.
like every annual report, it has its limitations.
we cannot hope for the immediate establishment of the palestinian state.
the key elements of the policy would be to support the public sector, to ensure that they are protected and to improve social security systems and to improve social security systems in general.
i should like to make it clear that there is no toleration of breaches of compliance, but one element does not exclude the other.
it will allow our institution to act in accordance with the court judgment.
without regional development in which human beings develop, there is no foundation and no basis for the future.
as the commissioner has already pointed out, priority should be given to emergencies.
recent years must lead to the prevention of greater efficiency and the rapid and high quality implementation of cohesion policy, as well as of a mutually supportive partnership and greater transparency.
we must not forget that the new heights of cooperation between people and ideals and between people have made it possible for them to do so.
with the proposed amendment, the eib can be allowed to grant these resources within the framework of the framework of the reserves until the commission initiates the measure.
private companies can have certain electronic devices, and they can have a profile of me, in which my political leanings have my daughter, and even my health.
from this point of view, we can only welcome the fact that the commissioner for maritime affairs and fisheries, mrs randzio-plath, is our co-club, and the commissioner for trade, mr de vigo, on the bank of the commission.
i would now like to turn to mrs briefing who has used her position to campaign.
that is why i ask the commission and the commissioner responsible for the commissioner to put this on the list of priorities in the future, not in the case of poland or any subsidy.
in his resolution, mr elles included the resolutions of the european parliament on tourism, phare, phare and the provision drawn up following the various court of auditors' findings.
this means that in all the programmes that we are going to address, good governance will be the crucial factor.
i know very well what the honourable member is asking for.
that is what you have just heard.
now that the finnish presidency is beginning to come to an end, i would also like to tell you what we have done for our union during our term of office.
no, you have a very important historical decision to take with this house, with the council collectively preventing the constitution from becoming a bonus of nationalism, of renationalising in europe.
400 pharmaceutical products have been granted permission to obtain authorisation from 1 january 1997.
and what about the working groups is the names of all the experts.
i agree with my colleague, mr coelho, that any restriction on this magnitude would give the impression that we are not serious about the self-imposed objective of an enlarged europe of cohesion and solidarity.
so far we have not been able to deal with this problem as a topical and criminal law issue, but we have had to deal with the internal market in the past.
we hope that his mediation will contribute to a peaceful, peaceful and lasting solution to the situation in guinea.
we also have a body which was established in 1999 and which is known to be a co-authority in the field of technology and science.
mrs prevention: the importance of turkey's accession.
this is a good example of a europe of results, for a union whose actions will bring tangible added value to the citizens.
as she rightly observes in recent years, a great deal has been achieved – the euro, enlargement, the new constitutional treaty – and the commission has played a significant part in this.
the presentation of a report must be characterised by short and transparent procedures - which the rapporteur has failed to highlight in his report - so that citizens do not hesitate to use their right to properly avail themselves of their rights.
the stabilisation of iraq by means of measures to safeguard religious peace between the various ethnic groups is shown to be necessary in an area like the one where the surge in islamic terrorism has a presence and spread of the most fear.
unfortunately, in all cases, the sums are paying the real bill at a time when prices for meat are unacceptably low and maintenance levels are still high.
the scope and dimension of our relations should be based on the fact that ukraine is already an integral part of a united europe.
all of this comes together and means that the cap must be developed.
when we came to this proposal during the pledges, i said that the commission would base its proposal on the text adopted by parliament.
the erika disaster reminded the world of the constant threat to awareness of the crisis and the need to know and monitor the need to know the european coastline.
it will have our support and it has the support of some governments, albeit far too little.
this is not a touchy for the provision of aid for small and medium-sized enterprises, and especially for those companies which follow a new path with the application of new technology.
and so i think this is a bad compromise.
such a development would put the whole of europe at risk.
i can understand that there are certain types of subsidy, but when someone comes to water with water, he may be able to react with some kind of diplomatic response.
in italy, the attitude towards a small or medium-sized company is virtually non-existent. the laws in force show every good intention to employ a young operator with just as much cost as a conversation for the company concerned.
they were opposed to it between 10 and 15 years.
we are certainly all aware that this issue makes an important contribution to both priorities.
this brings me to my final point, and here i would urge that all the institutions draw the lessons of these carefully negotiated proposals in the discussions next week in amsterdam.
we can support the amendments tabled by mrs izquierdo rojo and others that would improve the transparency of the authority, but it is not for legal reasons.
cs mr president, i do not even know whom i am talking about, since the czech presidency is not even trying to be present.
the amendments introduced in the ep report include a number of references to this document.
but we are saying that we also want to use financial resources here.
the arguments were very good.
in using the funds earmarked in the programmes, the administrations of the central and eastern european countries will learn to work together with the eu member states and with the commission.
where the council is legislative, we need real transparency and, as a matter of principle, the council must, as a rule, decide by majority.
society in europe is based on the human dignity of the person, but also on the dignity of marriage and the dignity of marriage and family, which is our task as politicians.
in the debate yesterday, commissioner mandelson emphasised that he shares this requirement.
you have to analyse that choice, you must not treat it as a sponsor and the message that you will pursue your objective with or without ireland.
nothing is less costly.
but since we are talking about the research and patenting of life, we are of course looking at the ethical aspect for many hours of our attention.
we are talking about the agenda 21 initiative, in which your committee on the internal market and consumer protection will shortly be carrying out a forum for sport.
there is a need for constant reinforcement of police and police forces, which are necessary, but which do not take proper account of the issues of binding parliamentary legitimacy and legal and parliamentary control and ignore the conflicts with regard to the rule of law.
. the council remains extremely concerned about the conflict in the north.
unfortunately, the member states are finding it difficult to make appropriate decisions.
the commission will also contact the european union with a view to giving its opinion on certain scientific and ethical problems of the building.
in addition, the issue of the provision of access to relevant products of animal origin and of their accommodation is also raised when they have been incorporated into the shelf.
secondly, the regions and islands need to be in contact with their neighbours in connection with their neighbours.
the council considers these multilateral concessions to be the key to achieving substantial and balanced results for the benefit of all.
however, it is essential that we make it possible to amend the council regulation establishing such a degree of relief.
european citizens use many languages, and the information society must make sure that they can continue to do so.
i regret to report that the situation of christians in iraq, and especially the worsening of the population, is deteriorating.
i have had the feeling that instead of the floods, which is, of course, the preserve of any fair procedure, it has been enforced.
amendments nos 12, 18 and 23 propose rules to maintain the status quo regarding the quality of groundwater.
the president cut off the speaker
i would also like to make progress on some of the technical amendments to annex i, as well as on the situation of ports, although i regret that the eastern link was not able to rely on budapest for the east.
he has systematically associated immigration with unemployment, insecurity and crime as if the evil were always out of it.
the reason there is some opposition to this is simple.
the forthcoming human rights programme for the period 2001 will provide an overview of the actions in that region.
i believe that this will enable us to act in a way that will enable these people to keep up again and again the long arm of the law.
– mr president, this is supposed to go ahead, but it is not always there – it says so.
this is contrary to european and parliamentary values, which are so often spoken in this house.
the commission will do everything possible to make progress in this area, because if we do not act now, we will not be able to complain in five years’ time that we cannot even defend ourselves.
although the proposal is considerably better on a number of points than the 1996 proposal, i am concerned that some aspects of this directive are very inadequate, which could open up the possibility of the governments to evade their obligations in terms of public health and public health.
the socialist group is making every effort to align itself with this timetable and if the council is doing its work, we european socialists will do everything we can to ensure that the european parliament can do its job.
this could have been avoided in part, but certain aspects are to be dealt with honestly on the nature of these agreements.
but we should be directing a substantial amount of support to political institutions to the promotion of parliament and to the strengthening of our fellow members.
even if it is used in the criteria, it does not mean that the existence of emu and the euro is at risk.
a project that serves to safeguard human rights is also the implementation of article 13 of the ec treaty.
the comprehensive programme to build up the ceecs provided for by the eastern partnership is a good example, since it is focused precisely on the ukrainian government, which needs to be strengthened to implement reforms.
mr president, i find it difficult to report on this report because it contains so few constructive proposals for practical measures against climate change and, furthermore, no financial analyses.
personally, i am in favour of considering regional cooperation with the countries of the former yugoslavia - or even more.
this is the absolute measure that we consider acceptable.
if parliament had maintained its rigid approach, the draft would perhaps have been rejected in the council, which would be a serious blow to the trade unions, who have worked for years for the rights of employees to be informed and consulted.
the union for the mediterranean must be based on shared management, with sufficient financial resources, on regional integration and on the needs of citizens.
thirdly, after the elections, the elected representatives will only grant power.
fish are the only european city in europe and they are still not growing.
faced with this situation, afghanistan must remain an absolute priority for europe.
however, the possible adverse effects of such sanctions on people must be carefully examined.
if they are included in these provisions with obligations, they will be given a reduction in the amount of time available to them as compared to salaried drivers and the transport of staff.
my proposal, which became our common proposal after contacts with other groups, was to recommend to the council the continuation of the substances for the two smaller offices, in other words with regard to guiders and grants.
thanks to the work of the rapporteur in our synthesis of the text we are to adopt, among other things, the social requirements arising from the different national situations are correct.
this may create peace with us, but it leads to concern in the world.
the agreement with the european union is a confirmation of good relations and provides an excellent framework for the development of development cooperation and trade.
there is no need for the london government to do something about this; there is no need for it: there is no need for it: there is no need for first.'
i welcome the fact that the social partners are involved in the design and implementation of projects and that together we try to improve the exchange of views, but i reject the commission's ideas on both areas, convergence and regional competitiveness and employment.
we are currently preparing a communication that we could perhaps consider to be a first step, namely prevention, and our willingness to act in the event of a disaster or of human beings.
some estimates suggest that abolition would probably unduly affect the abolition.
we therefore regret that our proposals have been rejected.
these contacts are inadequate.
in view of this state of affairs, yugoslavia has been breached without reference to the principle of yugoslavia.
in writing. - sk in 1987, the bilateral fisheries agreement between the eu and seychelles was signed and since 2006 an agreement on fisheries has been in force.
this is clearly evident and they were hit very hard by the crisis, and we should give due consideration to that.
on the other hand, although it is in the eu's interests to strengthen relations with tunisia, i assume that granting an extended status should require a strong commitment in terms of human rights and facilitation, so tunisia is not going to be given anything.
the creation of an area of freedom, security and justice cannot be achieved without all forms of discrimination.
of course, it is particularly important for the committee on research, technological development and energy that the funding for research should be further developed.
when i say control of the sale of guinea, i mean effective control, because at the moment there are no binding instruments to check whether a fund under the age of 16 can actually buy it, in which violence or even physical crimes are called for or called on to do so.
amendment proposals, concerning economic and budgetary support, a reduction of eur 7 000 in point.
mr president, madam president-in-office of the council, commissioner, i would just like to make two brief comments on the middle east.
part of the partnership between the commission and the member states and european companies should be to invest in research, to provide information about existing services and information, improving community ownership of the relevant databases and training specialists to support european companies.
subject: crisis in africa as a cause of conflict in sierra leone and the great lakes region it is evident that there is a link between the camps and the camps and the fight for the control of these monopolies.
in this situation, the eu must commit itself more strongly than ever to the work of the council and allocate more resources to implementing projects.
we would therefore be making a bad choice for the environment and a bad decision for the future of european jobs.
i am sure that the prospect of accession to the european union will promote respect for human rights and progress in turkey's reforms.
these workers, in particular, qualifications with qualifications from third countries.
not all the requirements and information should be met on a community-wide scale, and that is why it should be complementary.
it mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i voted in favour because i believe that it is the responsibility of this parliament and the european institutions to respect and abide by the commitments made towards the people of less developed countries, particularly in africa.
luckily, i was able, at meetings with relief, in particular to mr david do: to convince the deputy timorese deputy assistant in washington recently of the assurances and independent supervision, which i hope will lead to the implementation of this new agreement on each of them.
mr president, i am very grateful to you and i would like to thank mr rothley in particular for having spoken long enough and for giving me the opportunity to do so.
the treaty of amsterdam has given autonomy to a declaration under which autonomy can be granted.
in my region, five women suffer breast cancer every day.
the directive therefore abolishes the balance between patients' right to high-quality health care and the member states' right to finance their own social fund and organise their own healthcare system.
documents received: see minutes
this is in contrast to the principle of national cooperation, but it does not give a higher priority.
this participation is vital.
europe must give itself a subsidy.
this means that at the moment the member states are not going to take anything away from what they took in berlin.
in that case, the courts must decide.
they hide the fact that we in the eu as a whole have more than 23 million unemployed, with the younger generation being particularly affected, as their unemployment rate is now 21%, and more than 85 million people live in poverty.
the united states must continue to build the system of electronic resources and eligibility for use of the vessel.
enforcement of the existing rules is key.
i am sympathetic to that.
the proposal that we know from poland and sweden is good.
approval of minutes of previous sitting: see minutes
is that really what we need.
there is therefore no need to make the current push even stricter because all third countries which, according to the statistics, are as insistent as they are called, already apply visa requirements.
however, i understand why this debate is so long and that it is going to be very dignified, and that it is of great interest to all parts of the house.
the report also draws attention to new risks associated with these.
a call has been made for an international conference on haiti, due to be assessed in due course and after a full evaluation.
we need this directive.
tell us which companies are lending european money, tell us which of mr ben ali and his wife were supported by european money.
as far as the commission is concerned, the creation of the agency in stockholm is certainly not a tenet of its proposal.
but it is now the case that the former president and some people out of his neighbourhood do not want to recognise the fate of the previous elections.
member of the commission. - madam president, like everyone else here, i would like to pay tribute to aung san suu kyi once again.
and without doubt, i could comment on the questions of third human rights and respect for the principles of the treaty.
as the rapporteur stated, there is a new code of intent that is clear from this point of view.
i believe that this should not be forgotten.
so far, only a few funds have been deployed, but i believe that two years of the current budget are too short to give a picture of the use of them.
as a group of the european radical alliance, we have tabled an amendment for which i hope and officially request that everyone be able to ratify the ratification of the european parliament.
in the work that i have done on behalf of parliament in close contact with my colleagues - mr crowley and mr barrot, i have been involved in the coordination of this whole process of aid and the inclusion of parliament's criteria.
however, we must not forget the region which is one of the eu's external borders with regard to illegal immigration.
the joint debate is closed.
this is a major step, however, and i do not think i can comment on a change in this delicate and complicated interinstitutional balance tonight.
i should now like to quote a phrase that was recently published in a letter by mr schmidt.
the aim of these networks is to ensure optimum access to information, while at the same time creating a mechanism for developing cooperation between businesses.
many of us are familiar with such subsidiary measures.
in its presidency capacity, the council says that it will take account of the commission's proposals on budgetary policy.
for the first time on my left, i should like to welcome the new secretary-general of the european parliament, klaus frattini, and wish him well in his work.
it is pointless money, effort and effort for other purposes.
it will not be easy, however.
once they are responsible for consumer policy, they will be aware of the importance of finance.
finally, the spring summit is about establishing the lisbon strategy.
this directive must respect member state carers and eliminate the risk of working and maintaining quality, the protection of consumers and the environment.
ultimately, parliament must obtain greater legitimacy through interventions by parliament under the codecision procedure.
as regards dealing with this crisis, i would like to highlight the excellent cooperation between the commission and the presidency, in particular cooperation with prime minister juncker and the european parliament.
i think everything has already been said about water as a common resource for humanity, but we have to repeat it once again, because the situation has absolutely not improved, rather the opposite.
in parallel with this proposal to mobilise the european union solidarity fund in favour of poland, slovakia, hungary, the czech republic, croatia and romania, the commission has also submitted an amending budget.
end of the shelter
unfortunately, despite reforms to a free market, china remains a subsidy.
this means that the member states should issue a further large part of their foreign policy sovereignty to the eu institutions in order to find common positions to represent them before the international community and all the multinational forums.
some criticisms have been levelled at your maiden university, but we remember the memoranda that are similar to that of your first year in the commission.
fourthly, the delay in the cross-border functioning of these markets does not constitute a single market and should not be considered in the future either.
i too would like to extend a warm welcome to our new colleagues from romania and bulgaria.
government bail-outs may be a subsidy.
i am, of course, pleased that this is supported in your report.
it is important for both the european union and the consumers, who are demanding efficient and safe drugs, that this branch be retained in the european union.
the presidency is also aware of the broad consensus between the member states that immediate and long-term solutions would be put in place to prevent the occurrence of similar situations.
i am sorry, mr solana, that i cannot even share your modest optimism.
as is also the case with some others, we have seen this in turkmenistan.
we call for careful follow-up to the aforementioned aspects, so that the industry is not hindered at the same time.
i therefore believe that it is necessary for the european union to pay more attention to the adjoining countries of the south, which are only separated from the sea.
this has created the right conditions for importing the necessary production cheaply and for ensuring the competitiveness of agriculture, especially of the young.
mr president, to reinforce what mr harbour has just said, we are now awaiting the final vote on this proposal.
to date, we have been largely engaged in discussing the theoretical aspects such as budget issues and skills.
i do not consider this to be the expression of political will, but rather voluntarily.
if the closure of companies with more than 50 workers becomes redundant, the information and consultation procedure should be used so that the workers are informed and the enterprises are strengthened.
in writing. - pl i would like to thank the prime minister assiduously for elucidating the priorities of the czech presidency.
mr liikanen, i think that the policy mix helps us to overcome what you call a super-spend.
we call on the european union, and the commission in particular, to review its programme and to provide appropriate support to these refugees in order to obtain additional training and guarantee democracy in future iraq.
i therefore voted in favour of this resolution.
the turkish authorities in the european parliament are directly questioning the european territory and the european borders and peace in the region.
if we are already in the case of subsidies, there is an incredible amount of work being done in the area of subsidies, which amount to eur 55 billion a year.
in order to bring environmental protection into line with the protection of agricultural and industrial activities, it is essential that we achieve such things.
competition leads to medicines being granted to companies.
in the media there are examples of this.
we know very well that fisheries discussions are worth emphasising, such as those between the united states and canada.
i would like to touch briefly on a few points in mr barroso's speech.
the commission has proposed that the new member states entering the eu should not receive direct aid.
there have already been such cases.
economic change, political change and change in the government of the union.
furthermore, by the end of 2004, the commission must submit a proposal for a positive list of all substances that may be used in full.
the debate is closed.
it does indeed seem essential to have access to all the relevant documents necessary for its work, which is not the case at present.
in this connection, we must rely on our partners in the northern dimension, namely russia, norway and herzegovina, not least from russia, norway and 2013.
what we need here is real innovation in order to reduce both the level of education and the regeneration of the øf.
the third point is implementation.
the situation following the fukushima disaster has changed completely the philosophy of our approach to the future of energy production in europe and poland.
it is therefore important that all european forces promote this development.
. mr president, one could say that the eu budget is flooding into a world of engagement.
however, we also need concrete measures to promote best practice in the examples of examples of this, in the resolution which has now been adopted on this issue.
i would also like to emphasise that the solutions that have been reached during this axis cannot be overlooked, namely europol, decisions on the theme of deportation and racism, the decisions on enlargement, the case of enlargement, a series of solutions that have been reached.
portugal has referred to the importance of brazil traditionally linked to europe and has enormous resources.
it is important that this report does not aim to create centralisation.
i will adopt a statement by mr defender of the group of the european people's party.
sometimes it is more difficult to educate people and to teach them a product which has been in moderation, in moderation, and with a greater sense of responsibility, because the problems are caused by excessive consumption or by resources.
this must be our policy and not a new european union treaty.
i am also particularly concerned about the citizens' view.
annex ii expressly states that the framework directive on additives should be included in annex ii; it must be carried out on a permanent basis and that this should be done in a manner which takes account of romanism and new scientific information.
maybe we had the will to do so, but we do not.
report by mr florenz, on behalf of the committee on budgets, on the draft european union budget for the financial year 2003 - section iii - commission - μ2007-2013.
this gives us sufficient time to deal with the issues that are at stake.
you are the one who, as a necessity, is not financed, but you are victims because you are being exploited by the funds.
in order to ensure the transparency of the institutions of the european union, a framework of transparency is required for lobbyists.
on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists, i would like to thank the rapporteur for the way in which he managed this part of the sub-fund, through parliament, with all sides in mind.
there are many areas in which eu funds are being channelled together; this is clearly an interest in the provision of support.
what sort of agreements do we propose to achieve this?
it was a movement guided by values.
at the same time, we must think of the support measures needed to prevent the loss of thousands of jobs in agriculture and, above all, the destruction of a whole sector.
we will also support some of the amendments tabled, which improve the text.
the future of the eafrd region, which has recently returned to the region, must be brought into line with the european perspective.
i support the principles of this resolution.
i wonder whether you arrived at a conclusion on this at the council of ministers' meeting in december.
i also note that the report on which we have just voted has not changed article gollnisch.
although the implementation falls within the responsibility of the member states, i am convinced that we need annual reports and annual discussions on the state of affairs.
mr president, belarus presents us with the same problem as a number of countries outside europe which do not have the resources to do what is needed to persuade their regimes to pursue a policy of politics.
thirdly, there is the question of the provision specifically relating to the special envoy.
on the other hand, it showed a united front against the funding requested by this parliament, which was already minimal funding.
the directive thus far sets different rules for different member states at a high level of responsibility.
what will the rapporteur and mrs sommer and mr simpson have achieved if the member states are given the option of giving themselves to one mode of transport at random?
this parliament has always been expanding over the years.
for these reasons, what amounts were put in place?
the union has not only the competence but also the resources to become the donor.
in addition to the schengen acquis, practical measures of this kind will also be taken on behalf of the european union which, in general, will be based on the already existing acquis of the european union, in particular the common position of 25 october 1996, from which the tasks of assisting and providing information in the context of 2007-2013 are based.
these people have given him weapons and he has sold him to war against iran, and he has sold the weapons with which he holds the kurds and nurtured it, and now they are asking us to present ourselves as champions where they are doing nothing other than helping to bring about a successful return to the oil and growth machines.
enlargement will bring real benefits to both the present member states and the future member states.
the volunteers and those who are enabled to make the fastest possible link between the three parties which are known as three sides are eligible for support.
capitalist competition is a sort of war in which all the available means are used: locally, accounting accounts and counterfeit houses as we are able to do at the moment.
will he finally understand that turkey is conducting international law under the auspices of the un and the european union and also the greek government in a difficult situation.
rapporteur. - de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, this european stability mechanism is necessary in order for permanent legal security to be secured, so that solidarity with countries that have problems, but also the euro, will guarantee the necessary discipline and will be resolved jointly.
this report gave us the opportunity to look at the effects of globalisation on the internal market, which unfortunately was adopted.
the announcement of the results obtained by the scientists of an american firm in the field of the treatment of medicinal products earlier this week highlighted the question of this technology once again.
the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs, on which i am due to report in the last minute, was adopted on 1 december 2005, in other words before the financial year 2000.
in order to avoid this happening, the common fisheries policy has always been a specific area of member state hosting member states for the exclusive fishing of local organisations.
if you take this variety of ideas behind schedule, you will be able to become part of citizenship itself.
ban on british beef - production and sale of tobacco
the european union should help as trading partners and major negotiating partners at global level to promote higher labour and higher standards in third countries.
this agreement deserves our full support.
mr president, to be honest, the question was the question of how large the number of european union acts is.
all of this is only right and proper.
the archbishop of the democratic opposition and sakharov prize winner of the european parliament, aung san suu kyi, is calling on us to introduce anti-burma.
a number of amendments to parliament's plenary point clearly show that the level of control has increased and that the democratic functioning of the european union has improved.
you cannot disagree with the fact that this is a difficult conflict between the two.
as regards olaf, president prodi, i would recommend some kind of decision on admissibility.
what is more, landmines are a source of great urgency, and many others will be able to live in the same breath.
it is a great honour for me to have the opportunity to address you all, the representatives of the people of europe and members of this great european institution, the european parliament.
i voted in favour of this report because i believe that our objective is to protect the environment and we must continue to do so.
this requires real and forceful action.
this is a fundamental value of our union, which we in the public and often wherever possible.
then there are the 50 million donations that are not to be overlooked.
swedish shipments traditionally make it a good thing that they are good for trade.
there is no other thing.
there is a substantial financial incentive for the first exhortations and the first railway undertakings to be given the necessary support.
i am aware that this matter was very attentive to greece and that there were protests against the project.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats supports the human rights situation in latvia.
they happen every time.
it was a scandal, and one which nobody pointed out and which nobody has recognised.
they contain sound and sensible considerations and suggestions.
in addition, the commission recently gave its support to a programme supporting the education of training in schools.
i call on the council, the commission and this house to pay special attention to the consequences of the crisis in belarus in the near future.
of the six greenhouse gases in the annex to the 1997 kyoto protocol, three million are under way.
not even immigrants are treated in the european union in the way that these people who have been living in the region since the millennium have been established only 17 years ago, in which a new state was created only 17 years ago.
in recent years there has been a decrease in spending on basic programmes in the field of community cultural action, such as the programme for example, which means that the expectations which the commission itself attaches to this programme in its proposal in 1995 has not actually been fully implemented.
rather, we must take note of the outcome of the hearings as a whole and draw conclusions from it.
since the ecb is on the basis of two pillars, it has a specific role to play in its strategy of eligibility and the impact of monetary policy within the economy.
the commission is making a great effort to coordinate with partners such as non-governmental organisations, the red cross and facilities to respond to each situation.
es mr president, in signing the request, the 10 member states which are adopting the euro in may 2004 will decide to introduce the euro as soon as they fulfil the necessary conditions.
the background to the draft constitution is that it is necessary if we are to create a level playing field for a new european project.
however, we need to argue in terms of content so that the public feels that the european union is not just looking for itself but the interests of its citizens.
i am also counting on your support for the codecision procedure.
in this context, i have noticed in my own country, belgium, that in 2008 the consumer will pay a eur 300 million higher than in 2007.
this report addresses many of the present problems in the fisheries sector and the rebuilding of the shelter and housing will certainly represent a huge challenge.
given that the panel was not taken into account and that no legal base was found at that time to include it in a com, this parliament returned to the committee two months ago.
i can only share the view that the structural funds must be used as a tool for employment and the fight against unemployment.
we want to help them adapt rapidly to our technical standards and to align their legislation with those of the other states in accordance with additionality several years later, in copenhagen, three conditions have been adopted which the candidate countries will have to comply with.
more and better development aid is necessary if we want to achieve the millennium development goals mdgs, but also help which is significantly less dependent and less helpful, as your report rightly reminds us.
this will increase efficiency and create a set of results.
the overriding aim of this objective is to eradicate poverty in the framework of sustainable development, including the achievement of the millennium development goals.
it is not true that the 14 projects decided in essen have only been implemented because of the fact that money is not possible for investors, so that there are many of these projects that have not guaranteed socio-economic sustainability and, for our part, the environmental impact.
on the contrary!
i personally never disagree with you when i come here from budapest.
but what we are doing is either dumping or not.
as a young european, the internet is one of the most important means of access to knowledge and knowledge.
however, this figure should also be based on the fact that 21% of this is earmarked and women employ 65% of the industry in industry.
i urge you to make the following points.
on behalf of the verts/ale group. - fr madam president, like the previous speakers, i deeply regret the seriousness of the situation, the political crisis and the risk of conflicts that could happen in the coming hours.
the emergency is threatening society by means of new methods from a digital platform and the perpetrators, displaying differences in member states' legal systems.
i agree with him and have already told parliament that harmonisation of the application of the criteria is an important objective.
if it is meant and amounts are planned, then we, as the european parliament, want to know what amounts are planned.
we do not want to give up this social model europe.
she is accusing her of referring to anti-islam censure, which is what the public prosecutor is calling for for all defendants, in accordance with the islamic law of the εu.
mr swoboda was right to say that an inquiry must be carried out.
we want to see more evidence of how other policies contribute or address them.
well, we have been struggling with this issue for many years and have also found allies.
in this case, diplomacy is absolutely essential.
through good behaviour and declarations, as well as through our various political dialogues and support, the eu is working towards better respect for human rights worldwide.
trade preferences are vital for pakistan as they will ensure sustainable development in a country which has recently suffered from a series of natural disasters.
fifteen states of the united states and four provinces in australia intend to set up a similar level of investment.
subject: european structural funds after 1999
with regard to the shipbuilding industry, for example, we have an overcapacity in the eu in terms of power limitation.
i have just been up the middle, and it is hardly surprising that this should be forthcoming.
i am pleased that this report does not give instructions to the rights of the member states, but rather to the principle of subsidiarity instead of the provisions of the member states.
if the eu is to ensure the future of its agricultural area in a globally and environmentally acceptable manner, we must respect it.
the presidency will not forget the spirit of cooperation, commitment and openness, all of which have demonstrated in the search for the best solutions.
i would like to make one final comment. in the case of substances where there is no alternative, the use of which is perfectly primitive and which would lead to considerable economic damage, i felt it would be highly regrettable if our industry had to relocate because of our excessive reliance and shelter.
the same applies to the item on the agenda.
the society that you want to build is a must.
the european parliament's report contains 65 proposals for measures which complement the commission proposal and are aimed at national interests.
that is why we have to ensure that the funds granted and the period of preparation for accession are so crucial that the economies of these countries can be properly prepared and that their accession can go smoothly.
we will have to solve this problem together, and that means that we must not be the only party to be involved, nor can we assume that the new member states are merely the one-party party.
we will probably discuss issues more often with each other, and i look forward to that.
we will give it to the member states.
report: prudence
what is the position or rather the council's decision on the creation of a sort of programme that i have been advocating for a long time?
with your support, we also strengthened the provisions on non-discrimination and sustainable development.
enlargement must therefore be a success.
my report does not propose an amendment to privacy law, because it is not a problem of law, but a problem of application.
then we can see what happens next.
the minutes of the previous sitting were approved
i would like to remind the esteemed commissioner that it is not only possible to maintain more stringent limits in finland, sweden and austria compared with other countries, but the european union must also lay down these stricter limits for the other countries.
it underlines the fact that the committee of inquiry has managed to bring the issue of infrastructural resources into the political arena and i can only confirm this, and i would like to stress once again the importance that this will have for our forthcoming pledges.
furthermore, the commission wishes to re-examine the policy on agricultural products and to publish a green paper in the summer.
the european community has been prepared as part of a multiannual programme for the former yugoslav republic of macedonia for the years eur memorial, to enable it to fulfil its obligations under the stabilisation and stabilisation pact.
we are aware of the problems that the financing of a poet with such a high degree of authority would entail.
no matter what many member states say, they are looking for ways to handle the emissions trading scheme.
the agreement will cover important areas for both parties, such as intellectual investments, foresight and sustainable trade and natural resources and competition.
i wonder, however, whether it would have been unwise for the eu to solve its internal problems before enlargement.
we are all doing our utmost to launch this ambitious new phase of the lisbon strategy at the spring european council in march.
i can see the annoyance, if there is one, but i am referring to spain and those who have suffered loss losses.
we have also insisted on the precautionary principle by refusing to grant prior approval to the effects of this directive on the latter.
mrs fontaine writes that the time has come to inform all members as well as possible.
national provisions concerning compliance are only applicable within the territory of each country.
they have a real undertaking for each of our member states to achieve joint objectives together.
this is a totally exclusive exercise which must be made.
we would have liked the european union to show the same determination, as in the fight against terrorism, in the fight against facilitation.
who can better than the family against exclusion and isolation.
parliament rose and observed one request.
that is why this legislation must be endorsed.
the eu must facilitate the implementation of these standards and allow participants in e-commerce to be recognised as reliable providers of competition.
mr president, in the face of the forthcoming enlargement and the increase in the degree of individual support, the council is most likely to be in the position of enlargement.
however, i would like to say quite clearly that my concern in this respect is not only about zimbabwe nor about china.
the time has now come for the public's right to information - article pounds in the treaty.
i welcome the fact that the final version does not contain any proposals to set up more authorities and that it will therefore not lead to further training.
it must be made clear that if a programme is not going well, it will be possible to return to a final payment.
the two candidate countries should be given more time in the mutual interest to implement and implement the copenhagen criteria.
look at what is behind us.
finally, we reject the general provision of information to neighbours which mrs randzio-plath was advocating in her report.
by the way, this situation is a very good illustration of the extent to which europe is lacking a sufficiently strong and independent monitoring exercise in order to put an end to this type of abomination.
perhaps it will not be necessary to continue to do so, but if we have a high representative in this respect, we will probably be able to consolidate the role of the european union.
an agreement was agreed at first reading, which is not particularly transparent as a method of deciding on decisions.
the purpose of this communication is to develop a european vision and offer lasting support for the promotion of gender equality in all regions and all developing countries.
leading the union means finding a solution for greece.
we therefore particularly support recommendations 15 and 17 of this proposal.
it is precisely those who are against the use of nuclear energy who know: there are those that are in favour and there are those that can enforce nuclear energy.
when, six months ago, we were in the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy in the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy, we do not want it to be presented in such a dramatic and urgent period.
we asked the point at that time and mr posselt asked at the time not to deal with the issue in this form, because we knew exactly that it would not be discussed in committee and therefore not in the context of the bureau.
what is the issue here?
it is now necessary to implement these, and of course this includes the withdrawal of russian troops from their lines before the outbreak of collapse.
madam president, the taliban regime is taking the shelves of zimbabwe to a truly voluntary level.
what is this all about?
however, it is also important to ensure that these mechanisms do not impose unnecessary burdens on companies, especially smes, and that they do not lead to additional community legislation being created.
i voted in favour of mrs coelho's proposed appointment of the european court of auditors.
the very serious situation of fish stocks, as well as the difficult economic situation, shows us that there is still a great deal to be done, and we are dealing with this situation in the context of the undertaking.
we must continue to reinforce our policy, and in this regard i would like to say that we have recently tightened up the sanctions specifically directed against the regime and its leaders.
the subject of algeria is all with fear and anxiety, because religious riches and social tissues and living in that country are suffering from an enormous dose of yours in hipmemorations.
the whole question of decentralisation has not been taken into account in respect of the diversity of scientific opinions.
now, in some of these countries, including my country, portugal, there are several worrying cases.
mr president, i would like to thank mrs pack for the valuable work she has done in preparing this report.
it is a bit of a scandal.
i believe that mrs cents will be a worthy and capable representative of the european union; thanks to her experience in the midst of the economic crisis, she is very much attached to it, and i believe that she will be a worthy representative of the european economy in the context of global economic governance.
the european union's annual report on human rights is one of its most important pledges.
from the outset it was clear that there were some concerns in parliament about the basis and nature of the new regulation.
we must not forget that the riots of the last few days are a conflict which is primarily in the country of our calibent, and one day it also has its origins in turkey.
in that way, we will not bring europe closer together.
i have in mind the criteria in this respect.
in my own country, the reduction in the number of fatalities, for example during this decade, has been even more recent.
in accordance with the commission's proposal, all crimes must be deliberately and illegal, and it mainly concerns the serious cases which the judges of the court of justice of each member state must decide.
i would like to congratulate mrs gröner on her report on innovative activities under article 6 and i agree with her and with the contributions of the other speakers that our common interest is two main issues.
since parliament, and subsequently the council, decided to consider certain substances included in the green list as inevitable, it is natural that this proposal includes environmental aspects which must be included in it.
finally, we are opposed to unnecessary bureaucracy.
we have no favours for our voters.
the rapporteur deserves our gratitude.
the situation in north africa and the middle east is a real stimulus for the new european external action service.
if conditions that are governed by the treaties are not fulfilled, then the application of these rules will not discriminate against one country but the fulfilment of an agreement between the two.
unfortunately, ladies and gentlemen, i have heard no mention of you this afternoon.
the plan provides for a reduction in the level of relief of some of the stocks that are in a very bad condition, and it is a reduction of the fleet that can be reduced by reducing the fleet and/or by managing fishing activities.
it is not just a question of achieving a satisfactory economic development for businesses, but also of maintaining the social aspect.
artificial citizenship may be the right thing to do, but in my opinion it certainly not.
in writing. - although this report contains many aspects of it, its main focus is not on the things that are required of enlargement but on those who are absent from the treaty of constitutional treaty.
adjournment of the session
madam president, this excellent report by mrs randzio-plath is broadly and in a comprehensive way parliament's analysis of the possibilities, but also of the potential for development.
if we proceed in this way, we will make great progress.
i fear that we are not going to do this at this stage.
finally, how can we fail to implement the agreement with central america which is now being adopted and which has now been adopted and which will not be included in these negotiations.
one of the basic elements of the proposal, which has triggered the greatest discussion, is the explicit involvement of the insured.
because if the general public and also access to the commission's books receive access to the commission's books, fraud can be detected more effectively.
the summit - especially the council and the commission - is to draw up a comprehensive programme which will be presented to the european council in june this year.
the position proposed in amendment 45 is nurtured if we are to achieve results in terms of our water resources.
it is worth pointing out that the commission, like parliament, would have preferred to have limited itself to the points provided for in amendment no 8.
this will create economic growth and, among other things, create problems for the real economy that depend on the sources of funding.
the greatest mistake is in terms of the provision of humanitarian aid for the humanitarian policy caused by military occupation and war.
the new article 4 in article 9 will retain the existing system whereby the budget does not take direct account of any direct expenses for loans or grants.
the spread of organisations and volunteers and volunteers and their freedom of movement throughout the union must be combated, by all member states exercising their powers, so the union's external borders must be strengthened.
we have cause for concern, mr president, and we need to minimise the risk of flooding due to the failure of the sources of funding from work to alternative solutions to alternative solutions, especially given the enormous budgetary consolidation caused by emu in all member states.
that is why i should like once again to thank all those responsible for their cooperation and for the good ones.
we must discuss this.
let us stop half of those.
one example of this is perhaps the suggestion made to assist those who are preparing to give access to the internet.
together it means less than eur 20 million a year for each country involved in the project.
we must engage in dialogue with all our citizens and try to integrate them.
those are the small ones i wanted to make, madam president.
that being so, i do not think that it would be enough to highlight a question which is very important to all of us and only after the completion of this report, which is the recent vote in the us estimate that we should extend the examination of aid to such a degree that we can already talk about emergency protectionism, from the united states.
madam president, i am glad that you are doing so.
the situation in madagascar is well acquainted with the reality of madagascar, and is prepared to carry out its experience and common ventures, particularly on the establishment of companies with madagascar and the development of aquaculture.
but i think that there are points that are nothing new.
the same applies to the commission, which is also setting its priorities every year.
i would just like to remind you that our budget only made funds available for the first six months.
i believe that one of the provisions in this document is particularly stressed: to speedily publish the lists of projects in the field.
it sounds very discreet and patronis: romano santhrilling, you have the wrong way to go about things, but you are not necessarily doing the right thing.
it is a complex process, a process which entails considerable and significant costs for the budget, and the commission has made very serious efforts to find funds to extend these measures.
these proposals were rejected by dg barrot, and we have examined the long list of the findings of the officials dg 47.
i would also like to ask why the commission does not have a member state before the court of justice when this member state appears to be located.
with this in mind, we have re-examined all aspects of the european employment strategy in these five years and made proposals for the future guidelines.
some of them have been waiting for the procedure for 10 years.
by approving the request for the implementation of the olive oil reform, the european parliament has made a politically serious decision setting a serious precedent for the future.
more than 80 colleagues have spoken in this debate, albeit very briefly.
in conclusion, i would like to emphasise that the commission is short on this issue.
we know from mr hatzidakis, and so on. although perhaps we cannot do much from this forum, we are obliged to put pressure on the un and our member states.
that means that europe is relatively strong in terms of its ability to implement this inventory, but not in a competitive way, in technologies.
. we would like to point out once again that we believe that the principle is the same.
thank you, mr president.
these analyses indicate that the use of antibiotics can entail high costs for treating illnesses in humans.
mr verheugen, in your speech you said that the impetus we are now setting for the car industry would lead to the relocation of european industry.
they are the eyes of the world, the people of europe 60 years after the holocaust.
we have come to the conclusion that we should receive half of the level of european gnp.
i would like to make three critical comments on a report which is certainly not the same as that presented here and which we support, unless unacceptable amendments are adopted tomorrow.
as regards the possibility of organising or renewing the information campaign, as proposed in the karas report, we are in favour of both of them.
i am suggesting that our member states should only report appropriately - and this is a real shame.
we can do a lot better in terms of the procedure and transparency of parliament than we did this time.
thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
now the brazilian authorities have to act to ensure compliance with the law, and to do what?
as we understand it, the fight against unemployment must clearly be the top priority by combating its root causes and not merely with vague intentions, and be anchored in the treaty.
we are all agreed on that.
we in parliament would like to stress that we expect the commission to undertake an overview of cooperation between the union and russia in the field of research and technological development.
we have a situation where members have refused to give the floor to you, but you yourself do not want to follow the declarations and conclusions of the commissioner or the rapporteur.
i am curious as to what conclusions the council draws from the lambert report.
on top of that, a recent hearing revealed that women are no longer living longer than men.
the technical possibilities are broadly available and in many member states of the european union the regulations we have had at first reading have long since been law and therefore normal policy.
mr president, i understand that i am going to have to do something.
mr president, i am surprised that the commissioner seems to be so optimistic that the situation in fukushima will be under control in a few days’ time when he has spoken of weeks and months, since in the meantime the plant still leaves radiation which continues to be discharged into the water and water sectors.
however, this must be rules that take account of the implications.
i would like to add my voice to those of mrs de palacio, who, among others, has made a statement on the importance of the report now before us.
i hope that this can be done in conjunction with the general work on respect for fundamental rights the ilo is facing.
if entrepreneurs wish to export to member states, they will have to meet national bodies and authorities and undergo additional administrative procedures.
unfortunately we have not yet received an answer to these simple questions.
however, the degree of decentralisation seems to be in place in some areas around 2015.
measurement and support form the core of our proposal.
the other key requirement is the common agricultural policy, which is not designed to rebalance the member states.
i have explained to you, in my turn, that we are monitoring the fulfilment of these conditions as closely as possible and at the same time pointing out that i will inform the plenary of the european parliament about the content of this report, which i have done.
nl mr president, i should like to thank the rapporteur very warmly for the great achievement in which he has also taken into account the work of the committee on employment and social affairs, although it has taken into account not just everything but the essence of what we wanted to say.
next year, we will review the matter.
the commission and parliament cannot and must not remain indifferent when men and women who belong to a member state of the union have been invited by a member of a member state of another member state to support joint sexual and reproductive health, with illegal fishermen or nurseries.
that is all we ask.
the agreements already concluded with the candidate countries must not be called into question.
as the european parliament has a duty to monitor the work in the research institutions, we call on the commission to carry out its work.
this is a very important day for the european parliament, because as a good european, we have decided to use the european method, according to which the only solution is dialogue.
the existing directive on packaging provides for a temporary extension for greece, ireland and portugal.
i can also tell you that we have now imposed on products that have been taken out of circulation at community level.
i would also like to point out that many ideas have been put forward here reflecting the scope of this parliamentary question, such as the subject of national legislation, but i am grateful for these questions and i will give them further consideration.
even in our own institutions, such as the european parliament, we have ensured that we respect the existence of these funds.
these reports still have to be implemented, and we must ensure that the commission takes the views of the european parliament into account.
firstly, we are in favour of maintaining the situation once again.
we will return to the agenda again in july and i would be grateful for my colleagues' understanding.
the reason for this is simply that the scottish government is a sector that is not reliant on subsidies.
rural development can be an economically viable alternative for agriculture because it allows them to do so, and will contribute to higher agricultural returns in some regions.
as far as romania is concerned, i would like to add that we have seen visible measures against corruption in recent times, which is a positive thing.
clearly, the intergovernmental conference and the reform of the treaties on which the european union is founded are now more than ever linked to another very important decision of the european union, namely enlargement.
so it will be a big step forward towards donation.
the group of the greens/european free alliance has been called upon to do this.
most problems arise because of the relief crisis.
that is why i would like to insist on the proposal made in the debate on the annual report on the area of freedom, security and justice, namely an tampere ii.
this will be of particular benefit to small and medium-sized enterprises, which suffer most from late payment and debt relief procedures.
i would just like to give mr schulz a reply to his execution, the debt of germany and the rule of law.
we have voted against mr jarzembowski's report and we will continue to do so.
earlier, some of you mentioned the failure of the essen programme.
the commission is in line with the objective that your president has set at the beginning of his term of office: less action to act better.
we in the european parliament have called for financial resources for wine to be helped with the aid of kosovo.
consumer awareness of the benefits and possible risks of gm products must be encouraged.
european products can and must be successful - through their skills formation and their excellent quality, by creativity and by nurturing them.
to do this, europe has strengthened the internal market and supported consumers.
we will continue our commitment in the future by carrying out actions against anti-personnel mines and sub-housing in our community programmes and strategies.
i have therefore tabled an amendment to delete this.
it is because the report puts the accent on the horizon, and leaves no doubt that the enlargement of the european union will be and will be financed.
in writing. - while i am in favour of women's rights, i cannot support this report in the current economic situation.
mr president, as rapporteur for the accession of cyprus, i have the honour and pleasure of asking all my colleagues to give their approval, as provided for in article 49 of the treaty.
please stick to it.
a number of amendments have been tabled concerning the extension of derogations.
i think he is right.
i must also point out that the commission's actions in connection with cross-border integration really leave something to be desired because, at the end of the day, there has been a political pledge to reduce the costs of cross-border urgency and make this traffic safer than 15 august.
as one of the first measures, the new serbian parliament in early 2004 called for parties representing ethnic minorities, the threshold for joining parliament, to be abolished.
i would welcome the suspension of the stoning of women - i hope it will.
thank you, mr liikanen.
in some states, for example, the fundamental right to education and speech is not respected in their own language.
there are signs of growing instability in the region.
moreover, this applies equally to freedom of expression or the right to a fair trial.
pressure is being put on the staff, who are carrying out their work on the basis of their work, or in any case longer than, without waiting for anything.
in this context i only mention tunisia and also the issue of skills.
i would also like to say that you very carefully emphasise the emphasis on the fact that we should not attribute to the various responsibilities and i, too, would like to see the member states' responsibilities not with those of the european union.
at the moment, however, the negotiations are threatening completely to fail when we are discussing here, and we are to blame.
it goes without saying that the creation of adequate infrastructures must be a priority.
we are talking about human rights defenders universal rights, and so this is not an issue which requires a european union response simply because it affects a polish minority.
one of its particular objectives is to ensure that people with disabilities are able to benefit fully from new technologies and from the internet.
we have already voted in geneva on three resolutions on the death penalty.
mr president, commissioner, i agree that the main difficulty in the guideline we are discussing is the holding of positions relating to the setting of conditions and time limits for the reduction of air space disciplines.
this report is about the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on consumer rights.
for this we do not need any extra money for this purpose, such as appropriate/arm but also as regards the distribution of funds.
on 14 may 1996 the council asked for a meeting to be asked for a subsidy.
only lawful legislative reforms and promotion can bring democracy and respect for human rights in the democratic people's republic of laos.
this is a global problem, so we need global responses.
it is a valuable tool for reducing our dependence on you.
in accordance with this principle, all new findings are taken into consideration, and the conditions can be constantly adjusted to the latest ones.
the level that is currently being declared in russia is not yet reality.
i therefore voted against this motion.
the strengthening of links is important firstly because it enables the member states to help each other quickly in the event of a fast-moving programme.
the commission will not weaken criticism of this position, but it very much encourages its action.
this phenomenon, for example, can be seen in the new member states, where the scale of the challenges to be addressed is enormous.
the current proposal for the framework directive on the framework does not do justice to this project.
the importance of the latter. however, once again we have seen clearly in the light of recent developments.
the blame goes from a to b.
thank you, commissioner.
the commission is limited to providing a joint envelope for the eu public and eu public website via the website of its dg grangro on electronic member states' website.
as mr van orden said, there are no negotiations at the moment, so the current situation is not very encouraging.
but we can assure you that the commission is determined to organise the meetings of the only committee in such a way that the necessary precautions are taken and the specific characteristics of the various sectors are taken into account.
three remarks because i have three minutes.
it is parliament's job to draw up a statute for members of parliament with regard to pensionable pensions, taxpaying and degrading taxation and immunity.
in the case of maize, however, i would like to emphasise two things.
trans-european networks and the expansion of the internal market are also other strategic points in the union's action to increase growth, competitiveness and demand.
then we heard in this debate today that we need good scientific advice.
mr president, as a person responsible for the management of portfolio, i sometimes have to disagree with this, but in view of the history of this parliament on the issue of democratisation, i was proud to authorise this exhibition to be adopted.
the second point concerns article 53 of the classical directive.
when we talk about latvia and weapons, we can see them in many respects, including from this point of view.
and we all have the necessary conditions in order to assure the european future of belarus, solidarity, courage and opportunity.
i am very pleased, even though i am not surprised at the commission, that parliament, as well as the commission, stands firmly in favour of permanent respect for and preservation of this independence and authority.
for example, how can we explain that sweden and finland - countries with sub-housing - have reached the same level as 50 % compared to those of the united states, in other words in england, compared to 29%?
i am looking forward to an interesting debate.
it is of course an honour for the commission to have an organised dialogue with parliament on all occasions.
let me just cite one example.
the results were more encouraging, especially in the area of human rights, democracy and the environment.
randzio-plath report
they could even be more serious and lead to a situation in which men and women would play a part, and we must do something about it as soon as possible.
the european union accounts for a total of 60 to 140 billion in total, which represents a growth of resources of up to 25% of gdp.
the eu subsidises everything.
i am pleased that the consensus reached on the scoreboard that took place in december 2006, mainly due to the events of 2005, was approved by the brok report and by the debate today.
we therefore need to ensure that at least we have achieved something in terms of content.
this was done on the basis of what was basically a grant without vaccination.
this seems to us to be the only real and just way of preventing illegal access to the open sea.
in order to achieve the best possible results, the commission will inform the relevant authorities of the progress made in implementing the action plan.
ukip cannot support amendments aimed at strengthening the restrictions imposed on the member states.
this is a scandal and a crime against it.
the general objectives of scientific cooperation at international level are also reinforced in this framework programme, which includes support for the development of a crisis and contributing to economic, social and scientific development in developing countries.
indeed, it cannot be ruled out that the decision to grant autonomous trade preferences to pakistan by means of flooding could follow similar initiatives in the future.
the movement would have lasted 10 to 14 minutes.
the disputes between the police and supporters in the same town in which hungary became almost non-existent. in the last two months, because you spoke in your native language.
this naturally includes the political and cultural rights of minorities, especially those relating to persecution.
the european parliament must realise that sustainable economic growth is a prerequisite and a stressing, but not a threat or an alternative to sustainable development.
the link between mexico and the european union is the first country that has signed a protocol and a free trade agreement with the european union.
the stage ahead of us must be to improve and strengthen the achievements made - one of the mainstays of the head and of mr tony blair.
how can we be sure that the policies in our own countries do not interfere with the control and the content.
all of this will continue to make no sense unless there is a common definition of serious offences.
mr president-in-office, the question you refer to is a very timely one.
in this respect, our support for us will continue along this road.
every month, several thousand people flee the country.
official turkish people hear very different votes.
the main reason for this is commendable.
the money that this makes across europe contributes to cohesion between different regions and help them to become competitive.
cs this report will further encourage the commission to promote the harmonisation of standards in the internal market.
perhaps we can learn from such events that the european union now has a great deal of knowledge of the level of investment in areas such as the rest of the community.
the most important partners are the international federation of malaysia and unicef, unicef and centre.
with regard to the differentiation of qualifications, we shall manage to take account of external costs such as appropriation.
this is not the case today, but we have heard from an expert this morning about how russian society is currently engaging in.
the only vote in favour of the mess.
i welcome the commission's support and i am convinced that a compromise will also be reached with the council.
now is the best time to recapitulate the importance of these deals, because the current ones demonstrated that many traditional holdings are very weak indeed.
i find that very, very disgraceful, and europe and the european idea, which i very much do more harm than anything else, will be the subject of a great deal of praise.
but it struck me as saying that the commissioner is already taking the floor now.
they are an opportunity to keep up with the previous one.
approximately 5 000 diseases of this kind are under way.
that is why i voted against the report and i regret that the rapporteur - who has done a technically excellent job - is politically in what i call federalist tolerance.
we in the european parliament know that this problem cannot be solved by merely acting at national level.
in view of this situation, let me point out that we, the european parliament, face a major problem.
if we are not prepared to take the measures which have been adopted in our resolution, the social, economic and environmental impact of the eu will be a priority.
the voters need to know what money goes into these areas.
they must also be seen in the context of the increase in the number of cases of illness in the uk.
mr president, this is the subject on which the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs, of which i am chairman, drafted a series of resolutions.
it is simply a matter of increasing demand to get production back on track.
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on agenda 2000.
the population is suffering from poverty for a long time, but also from the exploitation of human beings.
these credits are regularly used to support projects and trade that damage the environment and violate workers' rights.
i also see that, for example, the whole area of underdevelopment is being left out entirely.
according to the treaty, our aim is to ensure an ever-closer union of the peoples of europe.
there will be two summits under the leadership of the prime minister, so there is still time before the end of the programme to achieve real results.
we should not provide a financial incentive for ships to dump their waste or carry them out to sea.
the debate is closed.
you have explained why that is the case, and we can understand that.
any delay makes us guess anything.
we have done everything in our power to ensure that such a degree of privilege is avoided and that the system is still better in the new building and that we definitely have the option of restoring data.
the fact is that the sharing of the burden of proof has already taken place in the case of equal treatment between men and women.
in all directions, the best qualified person who has knowledge and who can constantly carry out this knowledge is best placed on earth.
we are working on projects that serve the high quality of our pledges.
i always wonder what kind of power europe is.
mr president, the eu will probably not achieve the targets in the context of reducing co2 emissions.
the european parliament has repeatedly expressed its support for this commitment.
parliament has already shown to the commission that the relationship between the various programmes is balanced with each other, thereby ensuring a better distribution of financial resources.
i have the impression that a number of countries are acting in the same way as some governments in the regeneration panel, and the people are making the least of all the problems.
we want to see the ceecs, so eurostat must be able to examine without any measure without discretion.
it is not, therefore, a question of the relationship between mr izquierdo rojo, which can be read in partly in the area of public and private security.
is there a plan to harmonise the rules governing the provision of services and to ensure the free movement of persons in the eu, so that the rights of minors and their families are not infringed?
a civil servant who has informed parliament of the commission's indifference to fraud and fraud is not a sign of the openness needed to win the confidence of european citizens.
of course, we are disappointed with the results of the ministry, but it is important that we remember that certain elements, such as deforestation and the practical, historic steps have indeed been taken, although this is not perfect, as you correctly pointed out.
people and animals should be moved from the roads to the railways and to the railways in order to reduce the size of the existing roads.
in every country in this world, women are being treated differently and there is a lot of talk about islamic countries and about how women are judged and dealt with there, and that is also influenced by religion.
if a facility is used in which there is also a degree of vigilance, it feels a long way from a concept of the rule of law.
bail-outs cannot be achieved with this measure.
unfortunately, we know this enough from many cities.
author. - pl mr president, we have had to wait a long time before asking the oral question on zimbabwe on the european parliament's agenda.
that is not feasible.
i support human rights abuses.
on the basis of such a structure, it will be possible to lead the reconstruction process, especially in procedures other than the one in the commission services.
we do, however, have a subsidy.
in comparison to the assignment, it has considerably fewer staff than the institutions in the member states.
however, it was also important for us to have the results for all 27 member states.
all languages can be used as a tool for communication in the union.
following the vote, i will ask the commission to tell parliament what the commissioner's team will do.
this is the reason for the linkage between the council, the commission and the european parliament's committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights.
that is why i have studied with great interest the possibilities of support that the council intends to give greece.
perhaps an example of this will strengthen our fear of the union and our belief that the union has a sense of purpose.
i would, however, like to make a few general observations and i would like to point out that we are dealing here with an issue which may prove to be extremely complicated in terms of legal status and hence translation of the rule of law.
the commission proposal reflects the need to establish such an instrument for the decentralised and efficient management of the centre, taking into account the urgency of the situation and the exceptional efforts needed.
however, i do not believe that the eu is in a long-term crisis and i think that we will soon be embarking on the crisis we are in.
it is precisely because this is not a simple and easy question that we have to proceed cautiously.
i agree with the proposals made by the honourable member, mr trakatellis, and i agree with the 5 % increase which actually compensates only to compensation for the continuing period since 1995.
dg health and consumer protection deserve special support.
in many conversations within the framework of the interparliamentary delegation, we have been assured time and again that all these statements are not true.
some people believe we defend markets because we are commodities.
approval procedure for 2007-2013 and 2007-2013
a decisive approach to this situation must be taken.
i particularly welcome the emphasis carried out by the pse group in order to ensure that organised prostitution and the treatment of thousands of women are stopped.
extremely low levels of mittfulness, a number of lives in romania, have a lack of ability to access social institutions, an effectively existing country; all this is unacceptable and incompatible with the need to respect every human being.
i believe that there must be a willingness on the part of a compromise which was negotiated in budapest and which was carried out by the military.
in any case, it is not enough to do so today.
the eib is an important instrument in three areas.
for years the irish people have suffered uncertainty, while the defying of any infringement of security on the other part of the population has been threatened.
environmental concerns were also just relaxed.
mr president, the fight against drugs is one of the most important tasks for us citizens and for them.
if new regulations and regulations are introduced, there is a risk to competition that the markets that are going to be destabilised and that are suddenly gaining benefits from urban communities when the countryside and the outermost regions are gaining benefits.
the joint high-level group chaired by the former secretary-general of the council mr dupuis has in particular contributed to a very constructive and productive process of consultation with the donors.
at a time when the union is experiencing a recovery, it is adopting the commission proposal to introduce modulation of direct payments under the cap a new stage in community solidarity.
but that is not what i wanted to say tonight.
we must ask why they are doing it, and whether they are doing it to earn additional money, as mr frattini said.
finally, i will mention some services offered by the public administration.
thank you, mrs bjerregaard.
mr president, let me begin by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for their constructive cooperation in producing this report.
we are therefore voting against the report.
there is a very important discussion in oslo today which should provide what we can do to respond to the most urgent and immediate needs from a humanitarian point of view, and we can do what we can for the institutional reconstruction of the territories and the palestinian authority as well.
proposal for a council decision on the community's position on the participation of the republic of poland in community programmes in the field of research, technological development and demonstration activities - research, technological development and energy - research and technological development and energy demonstrate
we must know that, on the one hand, there are the small ones, the problem of which is when you have a tendency to make the idea smile.
finally, as coordinator of the social democrats i can also thank all my colleagues in the group for the sound work and cooperation we have achieved together over the last five years.
finally, i would like to ask the governments of europe what they are doing to help them out of this terrible emergency.
it remains to be seen whether, in a year's time, these member states are prepared to agree to a general pan-european and uniform regulation on the protection of citizens as entrepreneurs.
the commission is also working very hard on this.
together, we have managed to create sensible and workable solutions for the coexistence of our fellow citizens and their neighbours, and i would like to thank the rapporteur most sincerely for this.
the proposal that the member states submit three reports on the efficient use of energy and that the commitments given should be monitored closely will require more work and increase the administrative burden.
that is why the various airports in the european union, which are all fighting the same problem, should provide information.
i believe that as a starting point we should talk not only about the internal market, but also about european involvement, because this is not a defensive approach.
i shall send you one of them to the committee on economic and monetary affairs, to which you pass the economic analyses carried out by the council and the commission.
prime minister, thank you very much for your speech and for the presentation of the hungarian initiative.
i was very grateful to you, mr fischer, and i would like to hear your opinion on the programme of your government in june 2008 with france and sweden.
i am therefore convinced that bulgaria and romania will be resettled by the union without compromising the proper functioning of both judge and rule.
as a member of the european parliament, i believe that we must play a role in defence and promotion of human rights, which are being trampled on every day in nigeria.
- before the vote on amendment
that is why i ask your side to support us in this.
like many others, i would like to welcome the presidency and wish you luck.
it makes no sense for foreign policy to be organised by the vice-president of the commission and high representative when the diplomatic service is to be organised in another elsewhere.
life has always been fraught with difficulties.
this is an issue that we should be asking ourselves, and i have participated in new york in the last year.
ladies and gentlemen, this is a new instrument and is in keeping with article 6 of the treaty of amsterdam, the integration of establishments in other areas.
the only thing is that the conclusions of this court must of course be rejected, when it says that the national parliaments must not give rise to this democratic deficit want; they cannot have full rights because there is no european nation.
in the course of the years perhaps there was still a basis for a blow to the situation that was directly involved in international terrorism.
independence is also constantly endangered by the great efforts of the major powers.
i also do not share his view that the commission should take the role initially foreseen for the council under a joint action.
this still applies in particular to regional renaissance locations.
it is from this perspective that the international community must be prepared to do its utmost on the spot.
for example, we will finance a seminar in spain in the field of assistance in this area.
on the external dimension of our currency, i would just like to say that our currency has proved its worth.
21. development of growth and employment
this puts a bad light on the efforts of some of those who want to create a monopoly.
therefore, if we are to preserve a minimum of logic - that of the united states congresscripts - the european union can hardly legislate in favour of legislation, even if it is a question of pursuing a social protection objective and protecting the environment which i see as such.
i assume that the growth rate, as well as the introduction of the euro, will mean that more and more consumers from the so-called ‘left-keeping’ vehicles in other member states will be penalised.
mr crowley has the floor.
ecu 300 million has been spent on increasing security of nuclear safety.
the adoption of the report in this parliamentary term will be devoted to the relationship between the european union and the european culture in changing the situation.
therefore, if this compromise is not adopted, the principles of free movement would be able to travel within austria to all those who travel in the rest of the european union.
i can tell you that the people of the united kingdom are very much aware of how this is going to happen.
the countries of the eu have no other choice but to achieve financial stability and coordinate their economic policies and policies, as we have already stated on our constitutional charter.
it is therefore right and proper that this cultural diversity and identity should be conveyed to the outside world as well.
that is why i again urge members to show a very firm attitude towards this type of event.
china has achieved success in producing, and not through a race to produce production, as typified by funds?
they have the right to participate in the shaping of the nation, and they are entitled to meaningful and nurturing them.
according to the treaties, the commission is responsible for comitology, but it is also a fact that 80 % of it is in the hands of the member states or of third countries or of their very important and decisive involvement.
mr president, we can only vote on the amendment before us and the amendment we have before us provides for the deletion of four cents.
my plea to you that this information from european data should come from the european union data protection organizations.
on the basis of governance, the union will strengthen global institutions and institutions in the economic, social and environmental fields, as well as their respective capabilities, in order to ensure the coherence of measures, integration and increased efficiency.
at the same time, these measures and measures against the movement which i represent show that the state is willing to trample on all democratic rights.
the regulation on credit rating agencies introduced by the european parliament and the council in 2009 was intended as a response to the regulation of its activities.
i certainly do not support member states out of office.
why is it that we have not proposed the proposed?
we had a good debate yesterday, and i would ask you to proceed with the vote.
the european union needs political impetus and democratising economic decisions.
author. - mr president, there are concerns in some capitals; our resolution could contribute to the escalation in madagascar.
that is also why we contacted the council in february to give us a mandate to begin negotiations with switzerland on this issue.
i have in fact made the following statement to the president of the council urging him to conclude the 1999 second reading.
mr president, i shall try to respond to the concerns expressed by mr coelho in his report.
their catch and imports do not violate legislation or pose a threat to health.
surely the outcome of the forthcoming referendum must be respected, but in any event, i believe that sweden should already be prepared to prepare for the introduction of the euro because of a lack of regulatory convergence.
it is, of course, something that is very much in keeping with the simplification and clarification of community law, in particular by broadening the opportunities offered by slovakia, but also by promoting professional mobility.
i realise that we are not currently dealing with the latter, but i am concerned about the deficiencies of medical prudence in poland.
these funds could play a key role in the development of smes and companies that provide praise.
i therefore believe that it is essential to pursue the steps that have been undertaken and to ensure that the principles and recommended approaches, both at european and national levels, are implemented.
i think that we need very clear and transparent agreements there, and i believe that the candidate countries should also be involved.
it is also important to improve coordination, not only between the volunteers but also at international level.
implementing measures rule 88: see minutes
farmers and rural communities have legitimate expectations of which parliament responded positively.
moreover, if these policies and their families are to have their confidence in the policy, they will lose their confidence in politics, if these decisions are at an inopportune moment.
tomorrow, we will be debating a dossier, a report from mr kyprianzia, which clearly shows that the eur 500 million available for 2009 was only eur 8 million.
the report even states - and i think it is quite right - that girls in the islamic community should be able to develop their personality.
in writing. - ro mrs panayotopoulos-cassiot's motion for a resolution advocates the creation of a european contract law instrument for consumers and businesses through a general regulation and i therefore voted in favour of the text.
mr instruct was appointed by the european parliament in 2006.
the need for jobs, upgrading public infrastructure for health, education and water supplies is unsolvent while inequality and the level of know-how have never been so great.
as i know mr brok as an excellent foreign policy expert, i urge him to be foreign minister of the future union.
i would like specifically to thank the rapporteur for his work and for the substantial improvements he has introduced in the commission proposal.
as the european union, we should concentrate on this.
the treaty was enshrined in the treaty of lisbon: the committee on employment and social affairs held a subsidy.
when the european integration process began, the common agricultural policy was not only safe for the public, but also justified the basis for modern european agriculture and other specific policies.
furthermore, and this is the text of the motion for a resolution and the oral question, i hope we will not accept any unacceptable support for the european union in any channel or in part of these countries which prohibit their women from participating in the decommissioning process.
this means that there is an increasing perception that there is a link between social problems and the creation of an integrated response.
the european union gives its full support to the working group with limited scope for negotiating this instrument.
in this regard, i would like to say two things to the members of the members and the non-attached members in response to their common agricultural policies.
mr president, my group has been very concerned for years for the situation in pakistan, as new acts of terrorism are continuing to be committed against religious minorities.
praise also deserves praise for guning argentina and thanking you for your desire to have a firm commitment to a voluntary undertaking to reduce your level of vigilance.
the stability and growth of the commission is the commission's watchdog and the central bank is the central bank, but his concept is not a matter of urgency, because he has no answer to crisis situations such as those we are currently in.
we will not be able to improve our requirements.
that is why it is also important that disadvantaged regions should also be given the opportunity to benefit from these advantages.
it would be a project without any hint of no bail or a priori with regard to the creation of a third part of the treaties which simply reintroduces the previous treaties, thereby contradicting an ambition for europe.
i am a very good institution, for example, and i would like to say very clearly that i do believe that food security is a source of urgency, and that we are now seeing the problems with which we are growing.
we have complied with democratic rules in every respect.
the commission is insisting that the commission should grant its staff during a strike salary.
while promises were made at the conference of ottawa last may, and relations between syria and high-ranking officials have improved, it looks as if iraq will not be sufficiently cooperative.
one of the main problems is that most mothers come out clearly in the age where they cannot or do not want to, for reasons of child care or education, first of all in their homes and then in old age.
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the conclusions of the crisis on decentralisation.
having been able to lay down the rules for years after the airlines, passengers will finally have a degree of assurance of the quality of the power that they deserve.
i would first of all like to congratulate her on the preparation and presentation of her report.
. we voted against this report because it lacks the backbone of the european project.
that is why we need more europe in this area, not necessarily more money.
as i have already said, the systems in the various countries are very different from one country to another and we must therefore agree on a common principle which gives rise to a debate on the status of learning, taking into consideration and acknowledging different national or regional situations.
this principle applies in all countries.
furthermore, 19 amendments which aim to strengthen the operational nature of the network or to guarantee greater protection for the citizens in connection with the exchange of personal data have been adopted.
another is the emphasis on strategic strategic links between asia and asia.
however, we also need to concentrate on a few more pleasant examples, namely the recent development of which we have not yet fully seen as a result of the counterfeiting of diamonds carried out organised by organised gangs.
the greatest source of murder is the fear of charitable or recreational information.
in order not to exceed my speaking time, i would like to conclude by saying that your contribution will be important, and even crucial.
the commission is also proposing seven new very important political initiatives: stronger protection of intellectual property rights and the fight against the creation of a high level group on competitiveness, energy and the environment, and support for access to new markets for our products under fair and settlement.
such an agreement must also include things that do not necessarily have to do with trade, which is something that has already been laid down in terms of sustainability, human rights, social standards and reciprocity.
of course, none of us here demands that airlines carry out their renovation without sufficient guarantees, and there is no evidence that airlines have ever done so.
i cannot make a comment to mr karas anywhere where we in the european union are already coordinating our economic policies wisely and we have achieved tremendous successes.
the clarification of these points at second reading now makes it possible to continue with the proposal on the transport of dangerous goods.
i would like to congratulate turkey for all its efforts so far in this area, including the young.
the derogations in article 10 may perhaps be rectified and the joint allocation of article 14, which is used in article 14, is very recent.
freedom of the press to express critical views on the government or politicians - whether this is president or opposition or opposition - is the most important guarantee for a people.
we have strategic decisions of vital significance for the future of europe – such as the european atomic energy bank or the global strategy for a european undertaking, with reactions to the crisis in 1999 and in 2002, as well as in 2002.
finally, it has ignored the special interests of those airlines that ignore more than 25% of the air transport sector, as well as the special circumstances of the subsidy.
nevertheless, i wish you well and you will not be as keen on the heads of government as the first formal council.
however, i have a question about the whole situation last year.
the impression has been falsely received that the council and the commission would have approved funding from the building with the help of the former pledged.
and this morning, i heard the president-in-office of the council say that in future we will have agreements of this kind.
of course, mr president, mr barroso has made a very important contribution, the voice of parliament, in this economic and financial package.
the truth is that it is no longer possible to allow the aid to be granted to those who need help, and there is no staff who can cope with them.
i believe that it is up to the commission and the european union to learn a great deal from the sustainability of funds in the past.
so there is no question of the requirement that the changeover be free of charge.
i think that some of the contributions made today show that the speakers in question quite simply fail to understand what progress we have been going through since the first stage of emu in 1990.
in writing. - this report deals thoroughly and comprehensively with the causes of the economic crisis and developments at eu level to prevent or at least minimise the impact of future operations.
the current commission was the first to decide on the interpretation of article francis of the treaty on 22 november 1995.
although the proposed rate of 0.46 % of the community gdp is reaffirmed in the report by the committee on regional policy, security and defence policy for the period 2000-2006, nobody knows how all the financing of the community budget will be in the years to come and what contribution the member states will make, since these issues have not yet been resolved.
this action plan also promotes the strengthening of independent and independent support.
we fear that there will be tension between political and political crises, especially when the speed of economic progress is forthcoming.
i believe that parliament must move on to one without delay.
it is high time for the european parliament to insist on its own european citizens.
we in the european parliament will not be able to emphasise enough how important it is for us to work on the one side between the countries of the euro zone, but how important it is to keep them in connection with ecofin.
my friends, now those countries that have always talked about the importance of european identity must do something about the value of solidarity.
we should not have disagreements over whether we want to promote the chemical industry on the basis of the agricultural policy.
the report that he has presented largely reflects the conclusions of that committee.
in ten new member states, the funds used to date are not sufficient and sufficient funding is also needed for rural areas and for their development, as well as food production standards.
there is an honest and sensible discussion about these issues in europe.
as envisaged in the timetable, the commission will present draft proposals for the common positions for the chapters on agriculture, regional policy, the budget and the institutions in the weeks ahead.
as parliament and we members of the temporary committee on the alleged use of european countries by the cia for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners carrying out our work, i did not expect very high expectations of what we could achieve because many of the practices that were cited were already in place several years ago.
some have been heard.
in addition, other modes of transport such as skimmed and the passenger cars are already subject to very high levels of exposure and provision by the european union.
in my opinion, this would lead to disruption in the market and the european airline companies should be banned.
in his report, mr cashman also firmly identifies – and i would like to stress this – that our committee is so important that it is in direct contact with the citizens in its work.
thank you, commissioner.
the group also condemns the intention expressed by the alliance of the major groups, the socialists, the christian democrats and the european parliament in the future to use the agricultural sector and the resources of heading 1 of the financial perspective for financing the european union budget.
the debate will continue today at 3 p.m.
i am also pleased to see that the social democrats do not think it is a good idea to vote against it in any case.
. thank you.
the carrot is aware of the importance of this amendment, at least as regards intellectual sentiments, and so we must ask ourselves why the application was tabled.
we must even give a new impetus to the barcelona process with a view to making the mediterranean truly a co-communist.
syria has a role to play in the introduction of terrorists, who are crossing the border with iraq from its region.
it was the start of this.
the procedure proposed in mrs randzio-plath's report on the appointment of an interinstitutional mandate, involving the council, the commission and the european parliament, provides the citizens of europe with the necessary assurances that the issues of growth and job creation will be pursued with the necessary emphasis.
these include the principles of freedom, solidarity, solidarity, diversity and respect for the principle of facilitation.
it is clear that the technology is progressing at enormous speed, changing and the markets are constantly reoriorious.
let me make it quite clear that the unification of europe cannot be concluded unless the balkan countries also become members of the union.
the summit is also an opportunity to learn from first hand where president prodi sees russia's priorities as regards the european union.
today, mozambique has 19 million unties, but in nine years only 13 million of you, the other 6 will have died from aids.
it is regrettable that the european council and the commission have come here to see that they are adopting measures to resolve financial and budgetary discipline within the framework of budgetary discipline and that they come forward with the creation of the working party as major advocates for long-term measures.
i think the amendment is an appropriate compromise.
that was the great contribution of ukraine.
consequently, i cannot accept the critical position of the lamassoure report.
in this respect, i would like to thank the rapporteur for accepting our amendments to this effect.
i tried to speak before the vote on this report started, but i was not allowed to do so.
i would therefore like to know whether our recommendations will be taken into account or not.
their economies are in a state of crisis and it is clear that a way out of this crisis must be found.
has the council taken account of the position of non-governmental organisations and lawyers who have advocated the establishment of the icic?
unfortunately, their struggle for the rights of citizens is both assiduous and free.
moreover, if we delete these subsidies, we would also be against a subsidy.
the report does not link either with the european union or only financial assistance to eu agencies, which are to combat the obligation of the authorities to combat terrorism or to prosecute and punish those responsible within and outside the security forces.
the report says that fishermen need to be involved more, rather than merely searching for shelter and rehabilitation.
the preamble bears the hallmark of a carefully drafted opinion from your parliament, which we have taken into account.
but we are a responsible government, we nurture the situation and there is no cause for concern.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to see us take a little bit of action on the subject and try to find a solution between what we are in agreement, namely the ban on human beings, and what we perhaps do not yet agree on, namely how we are going to deal with natural beings in nature.
firstly, the fact that we are very often in contact with the citizens and that what we have said here clearly reflects their wishes.
neither i nor my fellow members can support a commission which, quite frankly, still has your prerogatives.
they systematically use their grounds and land to punish them for supporting the opposition and buying the voices of the peasant farmers.
what are the established environmental standards for the use of nuclear energy in the agenda for cooperation with candidate countries previously mentioned by third countries, and i refer to them as such.
the text also takes note of the fact that in our society there are currently several provisions and, above all, certain forms of coercion, so that any discrimination against any migrants who choose one of them would be unfounded.
since the sole responsibility for certain parts of community law lies in the member states, the member states will have to comply with them in order to comply with the protocol which we naturally support with our vote.
it is supposed to enforce the interests of the monopolies and the peoples of europe itself and in third countries.
randzio-plath report
to this end, we have asked for the cooperation of the states so that artists have a qualification for all countries.
we must also accept what is known as diversity and flexibility.
the commission is also actively involved in the fight against this undertaking, and in particular in combating trafficking in children and in accordance with the package which mrs gradin sent in september 1996.
you have always had an open mind for members of this house.
we are not starting a debate on this.
not so long ago, i insist, and there were unfortunately many students who would be penalized, but who would punish them by having the reading of books or write articles prohibiting it, would not have been appropriate.
these are the consolidation of the democratic systems of the restructuring of their funds in order to adapt them not only to our acquis but also to the achievement of the good neighbourliness and the solidarity of these countries and with ourselves.
of course we all share the same goal, and of course we need to put our positions together for two months now.
but that is why the union must of course be able to speak with one voice externally and to conduct a uniform european diplomacy.
in view of the social dumping of some third countries, the subsidies granted today will have to be maintained within the framework of a system which allows the purchase of ships built in european shipyards.
it is very closely linked to public health and should primarily be aimed at keeping the population safe and effective, as pointed out by recital e.
we need to apply to schools, but also to the places which pollute the environment as if they were themselves voluntary.
in my opinion, if germany and some years of delivery are now on the road to improvement, then i do not think that this is all the more reason for the fact that we have come from the surprisingly strong economic growth and yet extra pockets of money to consumers.
now our car is impossible.
a good example of an initiative by authorities in the fight against child pornography is the guarantee created by the finnish police and the provision of information on the activities on the web.
however, despite the cases mentioned, i would like to refer to the responsibility of a state which respects the right of its citizens to freedom of expression.
i therefore hear the slovak government's reply that these practices do not really matter.
if icao cannot achieve this, as mrs de palacio said, we will have to draw a distinction between the limitations on the use of facilities in airports where there is a level playing field.
madam president, this parliament is going to implement the same neoliberal agenda, which is in fact the same as that held by the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats, but which in fact is the same neo-liberal agenda that the crisis can pay for the current crisis of international capitalism.
we all want to create harmonious societies and live in these lives and, of course, we need to see what we can do to help china develop into a society that is regarded as crucial by every citizen.
the next item is the report by mr de vigd, on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, security and defence policy, on the challenges of global governance and the reform of the subsidy.
madam president, i must again address what has been said on a number of occasions on the point of order.
i believe that we must highlight two factors: asylum and immigration policy must be the best organisation of legal immigration and the protection of those who are in danger or of protection.
for a review, a few extra days of the building will certainly make sense.
the next item is the debate on the report by mrs morgantini, on behalf of the committee on development, on the impact of the economic partnership agreements epas on development.
who controls them.
the fourth meeting of the stabilisation and democracy between the european union and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia took place on 24 july.
the daily life of the company, in a global world, is that globalisation is the attribute of a globalisation that is not exclusive to the large or very big companies, but also to small and medium-sized enterprises, which are also active in this environment.
my own community is planning to build a decommissioning scheme in my municipality and one private carrier is prepared to invest eur 150 to 200 million in this part-time.
first of all, we should freeze the agreement with russia and at the same time conclude an agreement with georgia.
in this regard, i would ask the commissioner to make a clear commitment to the study which is being drawn up.
in the context of today's findings, more than 27 000 citizens across the eu and 1 000 citizens in ireland have been able to decide on their views on how we can extricate ourselves from the crisis.
we know that in a large part of the area there is a rule that carries out human rights abuses of the people of libya in all international reports.
we must urgently consider where the money is going.
in particular, consideration must be given to small and medium-sized enterprises in defining the rules and joint programming to take account of their particular characteristics.
in the light of the above, the facility – if it exists – to help strengthen and modernize the services of state companies is not sufficient.
however, with the legislature we mean the community or the member states.
in scotland, there are exhortations to consider imposing strict provisions on lawyers who protect them from taking part in crimes.
in writing. - sv the majority in this parliament demonstrates once again how it is going, because the outcome of referendums obviously does not have any value if it goes against the will of political stress.
the gue/ngl group welcomes and supports the regulation.
we also have new thematic priorities, namely security and space and socio-economic research.
that is why we in the group of the european people’s party christian democrats and european democrats have concluded this agreement with the socialist group and we have given you our support.
in writing. - i abstained on amendment 8 concerning a tax on financial transactions.
finally, i will make a few comments on other issues.
the council of europe issued its approach to the convention at the end of april and calls for a reduction in the age for the right to vote and to vote to sixteen years.
mr president, the civil government in my country of denmark has today employed an internationally recognised endorsement of mr méra, the head of the so-called institute for miracle, and thus the abolition of any sustainable development.
deregulation at eu level is important in order to reduce unnecessary rules and bureaucracy.
that is another reason why we need to carry out a thorough impact assessment of the granting of emergency and infrastructural aid, and its impact on the social and economic situation of the mdgs and their cultural diversity.
in writing. - pt the adoption of the directive was an important step in the fight against the mdgs.
in the current economic climate, the value of concluding the doha round has risen considerably.
firstly, the accession of the entire island would be guaranteed, provided that it was resolved in principle until copenhagen on the basis of kofi annan's proposal.
the central organisation of the world labour organisation ilo in the eight international labour organisation ilo conventions relates, in particular, to the provision and the right to receive qualifications, as well as to the elimination of discrimination in the workplace and in the provision of grants.
the climate change conference is taking place in geneva in july.
this underlines parliament's approach to the principle that the budgetary procedures of the member states must be harmonised and must be subject to the same premises: loss of monetary and therefore fiscal measures.
we have strengthened those rights.
that reference is made in relation to overall objectives relating to the quality of life, quality and emphasis.
there are deadlines for up to eight years.
i would add that the contributions of the individual member states are pretty much in order.
how will you convince your fellow members of the need for a facilitator to ensure that the member states are able to obtain new revenues on the basis of a series of agreements - on the assumption that they themselves do not.
the presidency is already working on the preparation of further memoranda on this subject, and the council will discuss this issue at its june meeting under the justice and home affairs councils.
firstly, we are proposing a common definition of terrorist acts and an appropriate level of commitment in all member states.
i believe that today more than ever, we need to look at a national balance in a multi-national balance in order to meet the major challenges that future generations expect.
we have no reason whatsoever to insist on the expert or objectivity of this committee.
if we had the commissioner as a privilege and a chair, it would be very helpful.
in spite of the significant differences between the various systems, i believe that the european union should take the direction that needs to be taken in change by all member states.
much has been said today about overcoming the crisis.
i believe that the european parliament should give equal support to the best possible solutions for mothers and children.
mr barroso’s commission is perfectly capable of bringing europe into these new objectives and protecting the interests, rights and freedoms of individuals.
the commission has improved its procedure for producing reports, in line with the court of auditors' recommendations.
this is because europe was built through wars that millions of our fellow citizens lost their lives.
not so long ago, when we passed a grip on the yoke and summary of the former yugoslavia and the former soviet ones that were dominated by totalitarian communist regimes, the democratic world subsidises this.
to this end, the community attaches significantly more importance to the overall provision than other sectors.
i have tabled two amendments in this regard, 7 and 8, and i hope that the rapporteur can support them.
should brussels decide whether or not to take decisions in member states.
with regard to the second category, other third-country nationals who are illegally placed on the territory of a member state, the competent authorities in the member states are entitled to do so and/or in a way that is eligible to do so.
– mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work he has done on taking account of everyone’s interests and achieving an optimum compromise.
achieving this objective is facilitated by the reform of the structural funds, which has also agreed a reduction in the number of targets from six to three.
i will be submitting the new posts to parliament as soon as this is complete.
do we want to become the world's fastest and backwardness economic economy?
our intention is therefore to create a solid, unambiguous framework which will prevent the recurrence.
we must make it clear that gender equality must play a central role in the lisbon process.
why not do so often without a positive attitude.
is it asking too much to commit to own resources that what we - the council, the commission and parliament - have said in 2006 has continued in the statement on respect?
for the airports in paris alone, jobs are under threat.
we should now start by offering bosnia and herzegovina a stabilisation and association agreement, without giving them any guarantee of membership.
i would like to explain in the following explanation why i do not support the proposal that has been tabled.
the reason for this is that often they only have a small market share and can be very careful when they are scrutinised.
people are the man and the people.
the second obstacle was that the largest grouping of israeli right, who never recognised any willingness to make a stand on behalf of israel, can only make the slightest of his credentials for israel, on the pretext that he or she is not even able to exchange peace.
i very much welcome this commitment, together with all the members of my group - and perhaps all of them.
for years, italy and spain have been campaigning for the recognition of english as the only housing emergency.
in addition, it is a major problem that parliament is keen to talk about transparency and ask the other institutions to keep to the dead end.
with regard to the level of compliance - which is now in everyone’s hands, particularly with regard to the commission - we want a clear position from the commission.
if the companies are really aware that they also have to assume part of the responsibility for creating the necessary human resources, i believe they will also be able to show the chances of citizens being involved in carrying out their activities.
the objective of the agenda 21 is to enhance understanding of air and space issues in europe and to ensure that european air and european aerospace plays a full part in the european future.
in this sense, we must of course attach importance to all political, diplomatic and commercial resources, but it is also clear that unconditional and unconditional access must be guaranteed for the provision of assistance, so that it can fulfil its mission to manage the existence of weapons of mass destruction.
we must also consider the future of the institutions, but much more to live up to the treaty of amsterdam, which already contains many new measures for the union.
i welcome the recommendations and observations made by the rapporteur.
for details of the outcome of the vote: see minutes
in addition, there are principles that we continue to uphold in full and in terms of human rights, and furthermore i recommend that you retain my proposed version of article 31 and not the protests against bilateral agreements, which are, in fact, a money-building exercise.
one thing i should like to know is why much lower fees should be levied for decommissioning than for the parcel.
pt just a few months ago, some people believed that the treaty of lisbon would never enter into force.
mr president, today the fight for human rights must be no mere mere slogan, and it cannot be won through either through or through.
in any case, germany will not be able to meet the conditions in the next two years – this year.
finally, on the question of the amendments adopted by the committee, only three of them have been adopted by a large majority.
parliament has often stressed the priority of regional organisations and their agreements.
we must also fight for equal rights for men and women and for ensuring that women play a more prominent political role.
i therefore warmly welcomed president prodi's call for information campaigns for the general public.
more than half of europeans are women.
in this way, the elements are taking the initiative and the moderate elements are responsible for the ability to act.
when the issue of the form is addressed, we are told that we need to talk about politics.
it must be said very clearly that the proposal from the temporary committee would make us worse off than expected.
i am pleased that the minister has now been given an assurance that this will be dealt with very quickly, and perhaps the relevant authority could be given the opportunity to come to this house and give her personal assurances on the exchange of views that we have just signed before december.
today, china is an economic and political imperative. it is becoming increasingly a global player.
our proposal for progress and social development is based on peaceful rather than ambition.
the eu is far less involved in the reception and resettlement of refugees from third countries compared with the united states and canada.
however, commissioner, i wanted to try to do something about this.
i hope that the countries of the world have the mentality of taking this forward in a constructive fashion, so that a better report can be presented in october or as if the treaty sets out the necessary tools.
let me warn you that we are falling into a trap here.
if we compare a comparison with the retail trade, then it is as if we are going to support great things like romano subsidy, or both, and the small traders.
i am very glad that it has actually proved that we have done the right thing here, even if it has been disputed by one side or the other in this house.
we in this house and all those who took part in the g8 summit last week know that every year, millions of children die from up to five years, because they do not have access to vaccines that we in the so-called west have of course been saying for 30 years.
in fact, in view of the eu's position on tobacco, i believe that the proposals in the report are not just for unmiking's sakes.
social progress in europe must not be based on economic progress.
all member states have to submit their own standards by april.
i thank the commissioner for his reply.
at the end of the day, people are more important than unicef, although unfortunately this is not always forthcoming.
at this time of economic crisis, when workers are the first to pay for the mistakes of the refunds, the commission has a duty now more strongly than before to consider the impact on jobs.
sv mr president, i am, of course, very pleased that we are now in a position to adopt the directive on ambient air care.
the second pillar to macedonia should be directed at the kla and the so-called ‘ins’.
in 2006 there will then only be one uniform medium, which will apply equally to the bananas from africa and to the banana-rich bananas.
finally, we must not forget the air in closed areas where we sometimes spend more than 80% of our time.
we are in a position to do this within the eu.
amendments nos 32 to 746 and 48 aim to change what should be saved from capital in order to prevent so-called ‘arm of capital and not artificially avoid the undertakings of a business.
i welcome the commission's attention to nature in europe.
from this point of view, we have to note that, following attempts to obtain a rapid reaction and a struggle for the albanian people, we have now had a conflict which was practically non-existent.
it is in the nature of human beings and of the world of crisis that we live in.
the only area where visible development took place was that of corruption, but unfortunately it was in the wrong direction, because in the last few months new zealand members of the albanian government have become publicly owned.
decisions on european defence policy should not be taken in washington, as has happened in the past.
madam president, i would like to ask you to write to the committee as a matter of urgency to clarify whether this is the case, and if it should be so, perhaps we will not be able to give opinions on behalf of this committee until such time as this discrimination occurs.
but the really crucial area is heading 5. the council will, of course, try to persuade us to approve its proposals for heading 5 at first reading.
i personally cannot do that.
the successor was forthcoming.
the european parliament is working on the basis of mr schulz's report.
at eu level, there are certain aspects of pension systems that are linked to the internal market, such as compliance with the requirements of the stability and growth pact and the eu.
nobody wanted to speak.
because i think that fishermen are necessarily keen and punished.
the criteria are intended to be based on a scientific analysis and evaluation of the overall undertaking. this is excellent.
granting discharge means assuming a degree of responsibility, and we can only assume that responsibility if we get information.
fr mr president, much has been said about the mutual recognition of professional facilities.
if spending is then higher than planned, it is a pity, but if you are lower then it will automatically be a pleasant luxury.
it is true that the funding of all european union nationals must be guaranteed and financially funded.
goodbye by mr vidal-quadras and mr howitt, in the name of mr moreira and others, on behalf of the committee on propriety and mrs mckenna, on behalf of the verts/ale group, and others, on behalf of the canary islands.
secondly, we should take some important political initiatives too seriously.
firstly, we must improve not only the level of research and development but also its implementation in the system of production.
it is reminiscent of mr hatzidakis, who reminded us.
under the new auspices we need not just a facilitation; as mr schwaiger said, we need the commission to act on the implementation of the necessary measures.
for years this parliament has been calling for the code of assurance to be legally binding and the council of the eu is not in a position to do so.
any unilateral and exclusively military reaction is doomed to failure.
we call on the council and the commission to reconsider their policy towards russia, including the negotiations on state facilitation, which should not fulfil its commitment to the cease-fire.
amendment no 4 relates to small-scale levels which are very small in scope and which are very small in the member states.
however, i do not see why the commission must prescribe that a certain percentage for a target and a different percentage for another objective - and so on for europe as a whole - must be used.
that is the reason for my three amendments.
european universities must receive young people from belarus who have been excluded from local universities as a result of their political activities and who never again can claim education in belarus under leadership.
on the other hand, our concern – the need to protect geographical integrity without establishing a qualification – will simply be postponed.
in a few years' time, we have seen that the disadvantages of the single currency are far from fulfilling the advantages of the single currency and the benefits it will incur by far ahead of it.
the germans have to accept that they are either participating in the creation of a united european union and that their declarations are correct or that they are acting in a bid to act and put their own interests above the interests of the eu.
there are clear promises that we must discuss and when we talk about fairness, we talk about fairness towards both countries, bulgaria and romania.
please tell us, president-in-office, if your programme really does have a place in your programme and if not, why not?
we demand - although it is not yet right - that this should also be applied during this year's proceedings.
the budget of each year must also be attached to a special report on the facilities attached to the protocol, which shows why these funds have not been used, and when they are to be used.
mr president, i have to say in all honesty that i find the sense of caution - which may hide low levels - with which we are more than right to debate this wide-ranging question here.
i should like to make the following comments, mr president.
we must stand up for the interests of future generations, and not just be guided by current political elections and referendums.
the president cut off the speaker
however, in all member states - in the north as in the south - there must be a responsibility to implement properly the reception of migrants and the processing of applications with financial and other assistance, and also on the integration and enforcement of the subsidy.
we have heard here that we are to send an ambassador who represents us all around the world.
i have a specific question for commissioner liikanen on the opinion of the scientific committee on the preparation of a whistle-blower.
the report highlights the negative impact of malaysies' scientific research on women.
i have the feeling that, with the lisbon treaty and the associated budgetary issues, it is a bit far ahead of it, as we do not know exactly how it will be tomorrow.
today, it is a reminder that all the roads are once again in rome.
however, i do not know if you would like to offer my congratulations.
the rest of the world is already aware of this.
as was mentioned earlier in the debate, only one amendment has been tabled to this excellent resolution.
these are people living in life today and i hope that the european union will play a very constructive role when it comes to helping them recover once they come from neighbouring countries and get back to palestine.
that concludes the vote.
i therefore think that the proposal is to be welcomed as a whole, and we must look at it in the context of the green paper, which we will soon debate in parliament, which will address the issue of supplementary pension schemes in its entirety.
this means that it has been regarded as a clearing up to the disappearance sector, which would inevitably lead to the unemployment of millions of workers becoming unemployed and that scenario was agreed at the time that the european union had seen the priority of the fight against unemployment.
i was disappointed with the commission's proposals which really had their limits and i hope that parliament's proposals will be taken up and that the commission will also submit proposals in connection with the decentralisation.
i object to the eu becoming more and more involved in national circles and colleges.
in this context, the report is very timely, because it highlights the need to keep data on the basis of information provided by international bodies in the fisheries sector.
mr president, according to declaration no 6 in the annex to the treaty establishing the european community, the community is committed to promoting support through existing arrangements between member states of the european union and third countries with a small population in which the currency is considered sacrosanct.
let me also turn to the other projects.
illegal foreign ownership in particular is a problem here, because it can hardly be regulated and controlled.
the treaty of lisbon, and this is a challenge, ladies and gentlemen, gives us the tools and the strength to assume it, of course the political will will be necessary, but in this treaty we have the instruments to improve the present situation.
emu also excludes sustainable development on a conditional basis.
macro-financial assistance.
we can only succeed in this matter if the three institutions work together.
what matters most to me is that the framework should be created for this authority.
the eu must assess whether it is possible to send a civil monitoring mission of the european union to georgia to monitor compliance with georgia.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the drastic reduction in the level of aid for tolerance, the liberalisation of the solidity and the competition that we are creating requires rapid procedures for the placing on the market of reserves, such as housing and cofinancing.
how can we explain in prague that the european parliament is running the risk of giving its assent, because there has been a dispute with parliament's services, which is responsible for today's debate and the hearing of the committee on budgets on the financial aspects of enlargement.
the proposals to modify the institution, but also to increase the number of signatures required from 29 to 32, are not conducive to the small-scale groups whose importance has been abundantly clear to a democracy in which democracy has been built up in recent times.
mr president, the barcelona process aims to support the southern mediterranean in its development and independence.
we need to strengthen the dialogue with caution.
why are the netherlands going to receive some eur 1 billion for every recure, while spain will receive eur 1 000 and denmark?
i know that this is the third pillar but it is a political issue.
i cannot see that from the text.
it has been for 16 years.
however, we have also shown sympathy for the doubts and minds expressed by so-called ‘urgent’ financing funds.
author. - madam president, i led eu territory in 2005.
when i was a man in which i started building, he said that he had a different starting point.
but i do not believe that the state can and must not interfere with political parties in the internal political sphere.
the bse crisis should be a lesson to us all.
i can understand that enormously.
is this not a terrible booking?
as the commissioner has said, lebanon is now one of the european union's flagship institutions.
they talk about european identity and the fundamental nature of the union in order to assure their true convictions, namely that a country with a majority population population should never be granted entry.
documents received: see minutes
in the case of humanitarian aid to iraq at the beginning of april commissioner bonino strongly blamed the rule for his adverse humanitarian impact.
let our exchange of views and cooperation both with regard to the package of measures on climate and energy policy, as well as with regard to the international negotiations in advance of relief and relief.
for this we need more mobility.
written statements rule 149
if you had been a member from another group, mr president, you would have been able to give me the floor straight away, mr frattini, to give him the floor immediately.
i would add that, in the commission's view, the opening of negotiations, which will include political dialogue, is in the interests of iran and the european union - see the conclusions of 17 june - apart from the fact that the trade and cooperation agreement will also include a human rights clause.
the government of the united states has played an important and positive role, as the foundations of the internet of american foundations and provisions have been laid on the internet.
at the moment, mr romano prodi, president of the czech republic, is the only person trying to oppose this lisbon consensus.
es madam president, i believe that today has many positive points, and we have granted the alliance of civilisations a charter of fundamental rights, supported at the time by president nicholson and kofi annan.
it is therefore no surprise that many people who are persecuted, threatened or coerced in other countries, are seeking refuge here.
the next item is question time to the commission.
my last point is that our troops are now using the help of russia and other countries.
in conclusion, the european community romano timorese zetogether; the commission recognizes that the current system does not bring any benefits to the consumer.
the objective of the agreement is to cooperate in ensuring a comprehensive protection of the mitigation and sustainable development of the fund, including the development of an integrated monopoly for this.
if one realization, i think that it is always up to the people, the people, to decide in general terms.
mr president, commissioner, i think it is good that the council is reforming its own reform.
this time it is certain regions in greece that have been affected, and it is only natural that we should call on the commission and the european parliament to express their support for them, and this is where the problem lies.
i have, of course, voted in favour of the proposal.
serious and atomic energy was a very thorough study, and i am grateful to you for that.
it is up to the member states to take the necessary measures.
the geneva conventions have reached the point: 50 years after the establishment of the prize, there is no reason to celebrate.
the next item is the report by mr haarder, on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market, on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the prevention of environmental damage and environmental rehabilitation com2002 17 - βa.
member of the commission. - i believe that this is one of the most important ideas we need to develop in the future.
nl fortunately the swedish presidency is now coming to an end, for many good swedes have not brought sweden.
but that is not the only way to ensure that these countries are able to gain any real benefits from the market access scheme.
that is why we rejected it.
a currency currency has a negative impact on all of us, whether we are in the euro zone or not.
by mr haarder, on behalf of the committee on budgetary control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the eighth, and the implementation of the european development fund for the financial year 2007.
forwarding of delegations adopted during the sitting: see minutes
and it is true that last year, in 2009, hundreds of prisoners were released, but there were very few political backgrounds.
for example, in november last year, the union's delegation gave the place of finland to the presidency of finland, which was the country holding the presidency.
canada is now threatening to do this via the wto.
i congratulate the portuguese presidency on the way in which it conducted the conciliation process, but i hope that parliament will succeed in making improvements to the future internally.
the use of the latest scientific knowledge as a tool can only help us in the task ahead of us.
i can only share your perception.
the aim of the programme was to provide those who had lost fishing vessels several years earlier.
we support the creation of the instruments needed to combat fraud more effectively using eu funds.
for us, the opinion of turkish democrats and defenders of human rights organisations is of course very important.
however, we must not overlook the fact that, despite the measures that have been taken with the aim of increasing energy security, much more effort is required, including serious political action, so that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
for the first time, they have a legal basis for the fact that someone who is also going to receive a grant of support for this is the first time.
however, i would like to emphasise another value that i see as the absolute core of this initiative - which we have all supported and contributed to - the political gain from this initiative.
anyone who fails to follow up on high-level targets will lose credibility.
that is already happening in itself.
while a few member states such as denmark operating with binding targets, other member states have to implement almost zero targets.
this matter has not yet been properly debated, and the poor people who are deprived of it without being replaced have also been taken into account.
by the way, these must not be the same for all countries.
the hard core of the crowd will be transferred from kosovo to the task.
if you or your staff do not read them, you are a diligent undertaking, or a decree at any rate.
some believe that this plan cannot serve as a model, but one could wonder why this should not be possible if a functioning system for the protection of minorities can be created.
this situation cannot be changed by promises of equal opportunities and equal access to housing.
i would also like to mention legislative support in this context.
we are also of course agreed that the french government must pay the compensation it has promised, and that all kinds of damage must be covered by the french government.
so let me do nothing, and wait for something to happen.
moreover, the internet offers the possibility of mass fraud to the detriment of the patient, and the who is constantly doing so.
together, we have provided assistance and gave hope to those who suffered as a result of humanitarian disasters, more than i can mention, from the western balkans to the congo and to our work now in mozambique.
many small and medium-sized enterprises used to take too little account of them; they would not have access to capital or the european union programmes.
in order to give high income and large companies the benefits and expenditure of the public sector will now be extremely negative.
there is no doubt that a problem that we have to face is the understandable decision which the commission took yesterday in relation to the decision taken by the ecofin council to bring legal proceedings to the court of justice.
only today we adopted the communication on eurojust, which must naturally follow specific legislation.
madam president, i very much welcome the fact that we are dealing with the situation in the context of the situation, because it is a very serious situation.
if the responsibilities of the country show solidarity and that at the beginning of the parliamentary term, as requested by the european parliament, it is not possible to vote on individual commissioners individually, then the responsibility lies with the whole of the commission today.
indeed, these amendments represent a negotiating mandate from parliament with the council at the next stage on the degree of caution which the commission will establish on 29 october.
those who take these risks into consideration and are based on clear rules are of crucial importance and therefore it is so important to regulate the recognition and approval of european standards.
i hope that both parliament and the council will support this initiative and would like to thank the young swedish vice-president, who has pushed this issue forward.
has the council been officially informed by the turkish government of the reasons for this postponement and the final date for the new envoy, and if so, what will he say to the turkish government.
that can sometimes be a problem.
i know that some members were concerned.
i have three points in my report which i would like to make today.
draftsman of the opinion of the committee on agriculture and rural development. - fr mr president, rapporteur, ladies and gentlemen, with a few exceptions, all the amendments tabled by the committee on agriculture and rural development have been accepted by the committee on budgets.
the european central bank is totally accountable and is also needed.
i thank you for your enthusiasm and i hope that, for the good of the internal market, all the market operators, and especially those in need, will feel stronger in the immediate future.
that is why some would have preferred a recommendation, but others in turn would have a louder and clearer directive.
we should be realistic when discussing the content of the treaty and its advantages and downs.
that is why my group intends to support some of the amendments from the group of the greens/european free alliance.
in principle, all the groups are in agreement, but our amendment is somewhat scrupulous in terms of the financial implications.
for years, there has not been enough investment in developing countries and that also applies to the training of medical medicine.
this is our opinion.
it is time for the european commission to reduce the costly administrative procedures because they are leading to the marginalization of small businesses, small businesses and ngos, which are not in the long term, because of their size.
i therefore call on the commission to pay particular attention here to ensuring that there is real agreement between the various policies and particularly within the chosen framework.
the situation is constantly changing and there are very great risks attached to it.
they would hardly get away from anyone else who was simply a dossier whose content he was not familiar with and which would simply give a full answer.
so that parliament can do its work properly it is essential that it has better information on time.
this afghani guarantee will be created by means of a facilitator of the blood and death blood of blood.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i believe that the agreement between the devil and the crowd is undoubtedly a number of interesting elements and some important opportunities for us with regard to new ones.
the better harmonisation of the regulations proposed by the european commission and supported by the rapporteur is therefore a good measure for all european companies, as it will be easier for them to access and reduce their level of spending.
the socialist group in the european parliament and the introduction of a parliament monopoly on romania for two months have two months of a government with limited qualifications, which has not been able to adopt a draft budget of the european parliament and parliament.
such cooperation already exists and i firmly believe that the eu should not try to take on or interfere with this work.
follow-up to the debate on the holding of the debate made in november 2008
according to these famous articles, agreements between companies or harmonised behaviour are banned if it is restricted to competition and affects trade between member states.
secondly, i would like to call on romania and bulgaria to join while giving us the chance to wait until the autumn for the appropriate ones.
in this respect, the commission has not seen a laissez-faire and unacceptable lack of inaction.
in fact, we agreed in this house that this year should not be allowed to remain and the commission's new action plan addresses precisely these concerns.
this exemption affects all those most emphatically, including ordinary citizens, who travel for a variety of reasons.
guinea is in crisis.
this is an insult to our own.
one party is at european and international level when it is strong in its own country.
one important issue is that of authorisation: the actual decisions on chemical farms.
mr president, the confederal group of the european united left - nordic green left welcomes all the community initiatives which can improve the fight against fraud in the community.
the european union must develop its own identity in this area.
madam president, a few days ago, the statement that you were prepared to show concrete solidarity to the member states most affected by the shelter is to be welcomed.
today, we can be proud that we are doing all this, and i hope we will all have reason to be proud of what we are doing tomorrow.
in category 3, a mistake was made in the committee on budgets by a very narrow margin, with a very narrow majority - if it is not corrected - a great deal of damage.
in order for everyone to be clear about this, let us have the personal life of the individual, who is not responsible for deploying a subsidy.
but it is not like this: this is a programme for the member states.
make a summit like the americans.
finally, i would like to ask parliament to seek broad consensus on the adoption of amendment no 37 on the conditions for access to employment.
we have always fought against the artificial split in the wake of guinea, and we fought for europe to return to both camps.
that is why it is a sign, mr president-in-office of the council, for you, like the president of the commission, to be here that we are united and strong as europeans, that we want to live in friendship and partnership with all our neighbours, on the basis of human rights, democracy, freedom, social security, and above all the like.
the sixth point is that we have maintained an undertaking, but we have not achieved anything.
as far as the drugs trade is concerned, it is important to praise those who themselves have very grave responsibility, for their efforts and cooperation.
there is no doubt that saddam hussein was a dictator and has brought about the death of many of his fellow countrymen, not least the systematic attempt to eradicate it.
we agree that measures should be taken to improve the daily lives of children and access to education, information and culture.
what are the measures that are not just about intervention in palliative or merely proposing solutions to a difficult situation.
i know from my own experience that the opposite is the case.
one very specific problem should be resolved the day after tomorrow, for then the council will adopt the european parliament's amendments at its meeting on audiovisual initiative.
i would like to ask three more questions in this area: on the one hand, the decision on cooperation, on the one hand, to strengthen poverty through institutional strengthening and other instruments.
it sounds like a good principle, but on what basis should the burden be shared.
i would like to draw the attention of those member states that, in the teaching and processing of guinea, to the technique of the facilitation, are aware of this danger and of checking the legal framework to guarantee the possibility of external exchanges.
mrs gröner would like to see a stronger emphasis on the operational allocation itself at the level of facilitation.
i think that we would almost expect parents to invest much in the protection of their own children.
many of us believe that the objective of reducing poverty is going to be pushed too much into the tightening of public finances.
it is a question of what kind of casties: the subsidiary or the previous one.
however, we should not instil excessive optimism.
genuine integration requires efforts on both sides.
it is also very much to be welcomed that his message is that his message is to keep his message humanly and, above all, pragmatically, because if we do not do this and involve citizens in our programme, the survival of this community is at stake.
for this reason, i hope that this regulation is the first strong signal from the european parliament for an increasingly stringent approach to the safety of the european roads and a sign that europe is doing its job and taking into account the concerns of its citizens.
we believe that this resolution fully supports these objectives.
perhaps in this case, our words are used as weapons and, at the same time, we support those people in iran fighting for real freedom - a goal that i hope they will achieve.
on the other hand, article 256 provides that the commission will establish whether a third country will establish an appropriate level of protection for the transmission of personal data from the european union.
it will not be a subject of taboo.
moreover, during this part-session, in other contexts, we have demanded better information from the european network about the provision of funds.
but the decisive point of our resolutions, which is a common thread in our resolutions, is that we now have an opportunity to discuss the future of tibetans and to move towards self-government.
after the present events, it would be time to introduce, at least in the case of interreg.
i would like to ask the commissioner to comment on official statements that russia's energy resources will be transferred to asia if members of the european union do not meet certain conditions.
in its interim report for the spring european council, the commission outlined a number of directions for the future internal market.
i think it would be better to put payments and these companies on a black list.
at the next acp-eu joint assembly, the socialist group will be joining the african colleagues in a fundamental debate on this subject.
if the northern dimension is to play its role, it needs a stable financial foundation.
in addition, the public should be aware that this budget does not cover the costs of implementing the treaty of lisbon, which are going to be passed through through the intermediary - i.e. through the back door.
it is obvious that the eu strategy for the reform of the un is directed more towards upholding european interests than global interests.
i would like briefly to raise three points.
current legislation on the protection of animals at the time of slaughter dates back to 1993 and is definitely not in keeping with the latest developments in animal health and veterinary development.
the authorities assume that these heinous crimes may be the cause of the disappearance of many people, including children.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i can now do nothing other than express my warm thanks for the broad endorsement of this proposal from all sides of the house.
i repeat my belief that the budgetisation of the european development fund will allow greater efficiency, democratic control, participation and cooperation in development policy, as is the case in other areas of policy.
parliamentary studies are necessary, particularly in countries such as my own country, ireland, for which it was demonstrated that 50 grammes are flooding at irish airports and that the abu asylum-seeker from italy was illegally moved to egypt at an irish airport.
i doubt it.
does the commission think there are good reasons for doing so.
so let me say again that we should demand political action, which we can actually implement in practice.
these problems have been mentioned and relate mainly to the division of responsibilities between local and national authorities and the authorities at european level.
israel, this wonderful country, israel, which was founded as a response to the history of human history, is entitled to our full solidarity in the region.
we have a political and moral responsibility to you, but you also told us, especially in terms of human rights and freedom of expression, as you have pointed out, commissioner.
mr liikanen, i have already replied to you and i stand by it.
there is no doubt that it is necessary to transpose and implement trade policy privileges and geographical indications for agricultural products and to encourage the internationalisation of small and medium-sized enterprises.
after all, he does not listen to it.
however, we must point out that there is a need to ensure that interventions in the very dangerous and complex situations, such as those which occur in the area of competence, are adopted in order to achieve a significant increase in the effectiveness of the measures in the interests of a substantial increase in the effectiveness of the measures.
in realistic terms, however, it is probably the best solution possible.
parliament has also been a great success.
we are now creating a market for them.
there will be no progress on issues such as flexicurity and reform unless we look for a solution to the problems of the safety of workers in this area.
. an analysis of state aid must always be based on a clear idea of the differences between revenue and costs incurred by both sides on the one hand and public finance on the other, based on an idea of the existence of external assistance.
this measure is justified because the budget allocations cannot be used for projects involving the participation of the ceecs and the candidate countries, and by means of simplification – unlike the ‘liberals – would mean?
madam president, the resolution deals with the problem of risks' risks without taking into account the related problem that we are finding it easy to find petroleum products.
what is the commission's assessment of the current political situation in haiti, and the impact that this situation has had on the reconstruction of the country.
the rapporteur therefore calls for the problem to be tackled with new solutions, for example using the possibilities offered by the staff statute.
however, we must also expect reciprocity from others.
the forthcoming intergovernmental conference will create opportunities for further transparency in the union, and this process has already been opened up with the rules on access to documents.
mr corbett will, of course, have the right to reply, but i cannot rule out that mrs frassoni has drawn the red card while waiting for it.
to this extent, it is important that the eu countries that are able to give them access to these resources should be able to continue to have access to these facilities which will allow them to continue to have access to these resources and to maintain a facility to guarantee access to care.
for these important reasons i am also in favour of agriculture remaining in the regions that are disadvantaged by nature.
again, i think that it is important for the competitiveness of our continent that energy supply is important, that it is important to have energy supplies that are also of support, and i hope that commissioner piebalgs can be involved in the next opening of an important pipeline and count on the importance of european union membership.
i am sorry, i have a few important forgotten.
the most important and most important of all was the summit held in stockholm.
my group attaches serious importance to this procedure now.
this also means that there will be more and more disposants of the same sort of thing.
that is why the reform in 2002 must not just be a means of looking at our own problems, our own problems and our perseverance.
this united front is not only aimed at helping bulgaria to invest in a more just way, but also in order to bring our country into line with our european partners.
madam president, members of this house will recall my question to the president yesterday, and he said that the rule of procedure was that when there were roll-call votes in parliament, at least 50% of the members of the house would be able to check and take decisions.
we also think it is very important to include producers more in marketing, and to highlight the quality and origin of products.
– mr president, ladies and gentlemen, despite acknowledging the good intentions we regret that europe is not actually equal to the tragic events surrounding the international crisis, the terrorism problem and the situation in iraq.
as long as these criminal activities do not stop and different parts are not freed from the iron grip of the grass-roots movement, there is little hope for ordinary citizens that their human rights can be defended.
thirdly, it is essential to diversify the economic opportunities in which we operate.
mr president, minister, it is a great mistake to have a large single market without frontiers from europe alone.
as a member of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection, i am particularly pleased that the call for information to consumers has finally been included in the compromise proposal.
does anyone object to the request made by mr minutes?
all the european nations, all those who are opposed to the european superstate, all those who believe that people have the right to choose their own future, must show their support today, and they must help them to put pressure on them and will increase them even further in the near future.
there are, of course, some reforms which we must continue to discuss and eradicate.
in this context, mr deprez' report sheds light on various omissions and on the real problems with the deployment of funds for nurturing purposes.
one crucial question, however, remained unresolved at the time, namely the question of funding.
i refer in particular to the need to combat illegal immigration and the need to combat it.
around ecu 1 billion will be spent every year in the union, causing disease and human suffering.
i have a very large number of letters from ukrainian extravagants who really do live, and to help.
all this will have a serious impact on european level.
the directive has succeeded in striking a balance between ensuring a good quality of resources and recognition of the need for contraception.
member of the commission. - within the limits of its competence, the commission has so far acted swiftly to prevent catastrophic social consequences in developing countries, especially the least developed countries, most acp countries.
fr mr president, commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, our objective must be the provision of rules to determine the conditions for access to the decommissioning authority and to establish the status quo.
finally, i must point out that it is my particular concern to give due attention to the victims of terrorism, and to a very special form of crime, which unfortunately does not only exist in my country, spain, and which represents a threat to democratic coexistence and freedom.
it must be established from which country these products originate.
this is an area which affects the member states and their citizens very sensitively, and a community budget in these areas needs careful support.
a recent professor professor monopoly university university, however, proves that the abolition of restrictions on alcohol consumption does not occur in sweden.
they are at the end of their budgets and are technically fragile.
it is therefore very clear that the commission proposal for a council regulation provides for the instruments to support the outermost regions.
furthermore, during the transitional period, the aim is to prevent the development of divergent development of networks.
the promotion of civil society is the key to developing the human dimension of the partnership.
in the funding of humanitarian operations, the commission is also resorting to echo' s humanitarian aid instrument echo.
i believe that this will be a way of giving new impetus to the internal market and i hope to give a new boost to those regions which, because of size, droughts and economic dependence on a small number of products, will have a booming economy.
it is only that he is a necessary war; he was also a member of the entire community of states crying out for war in order to put an end to a totally unacceptable and totally shameful aggression.
there was a request to include this item on the agenda.
as highlighted in the report by the united nations secretary-general on 16 january, the united nations and the security council have actively tried to assist the parties involved in finding a solution to this conflict.
it would be a serious blow to the recent proposals of the french contingent, mr romano grass, for implementation of the economies of the new member states.
on behalf of the ppe group. - mr president, on behalf of the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats, i would like to insert the following oral amendment to paragraph 102, replacing the words of the authorities with the aim of replacing the authorities.
in fact, they are not only values.
i hope that the measures will be adopted.
as mr graefe zu baringdorf mentioned earlier, i, too, would like to confirm to him that i would like to confirm that a whole series of additional precautionary measures would be needed before british beef could be considered safe.
madam president, russia has a level playing field, and some observers are talking about a new one.
mr president, the constitutional treaty is long live the treaty.
sooner rather than later, the european commission, in spite of its budget directorate-general, will become too prescriptive, and all these outstanding financing instruments with the prudence and the programme will not be sufficient to provide so many priorities.
my second point concerns the position of european funds.
i urge you from here and the others who are in prison.
much more needs to be done to tackle rising unemployment and poverty and i have abstained from expressing my deep dissatisfaction at this point.
conversely, europe receives access to research and rehabilitation.
mr president, i believe that the proposal for a regulation is a good example of cooperation between the different political groups in the european parliament and between parliament and the rest of the council, the council and the commission.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to express my agreement with the excellent report and the comments contained in it on the importance of decentralisation.
we have democracy, human rights, freedom of expression, and that is important.
in line with the provisions contained in the regulation, further steps will be taken to identify the causes of the scale, the extent of the possible events and the possible creation of a secure basis for development.
we have a praesidium of this calibe.
we must allow them to pursue the spirit of free provision to create wealth and jobs.
the responsibility of the egyptian security forces must be highlighted, in particular with the strongest condemnation of its operations.
fourthly, the call on member states to confirm the situation quickly, is supported by both politicians and grass roots.
in 2002 the european parliament stated its support for a crime against it.
it is perhaps the role of the smes in terms of employment, the need for access to qualifications and the need to simplify the bureaucratic and administrative environment and better coordinate the various programmes of the commission which are of interest to small and medium-sized enterprises.
with the euro, europe has also gained from international importance.
it is also a question of other points, ladies and gentlemen, whose names have been accepted by the council and the commission at first reading following the amendments tabled by this parliament.
several of us here have one corridor after another.
in 2011, the aid must focus on complex challenges, in particular the facility to cover local authorities and the stabilisation of the situation in the areas of ukraine.
i could also mention the dialogues we have with all the other countries that are particularly interested in this global approach and which will provide an image of the objectives and facilitate the rationalization of investments with a view to the future.
in addition, we should be adding a level of relief to all those who are legally binding.
ro the european union is experiencing an economic, financial and social crisis.
the commissioner mentioned the communication that is apparently not available in time for the berlin conference and the international high-level meeting in london.
i shall briefly pass on mr de palacio.
this is not reflected in this report.
that is part of the european company.
finally, i should like to say that we have to form a supervisory authority and decide on its seat.
consequently, i would like to stress the importance of applying the principle of mutual recognition to establishments in the eu and the establishment of a european court of auditors, as well as the adoption of measures which will guarantee new rights.
the people of slovakia demonstrated political maturity, by lending prime minister prodi and the democratic coalition to the majority.
mr president, as many of my fellow members have already pointed out, this is an extremely important debate and an issue that must be discussed not only here in the chamber of the european union, but in the broadest possible framework.
most indicators confirm that a general shift of 50% goes beyond the european union or is indifferent to them.
one of his first major tasks was to build a trialogue around the building.
in the seventies, it is clear that the tasks assigned to this portfolio are five years old.
you told parliament that you wanted the building of the building.
i ask that this be done in the bureau and in the conference of presidents.
we are also interested, but because we are not financing the project, we cannot do it as well.
added to this is the cost of devaluing costs related to the damage caused by chemical pollution, the misappropriation of funds and the like.
when commissioner nielson asked a question about mozambique and the delay in the use of portfolios, this question was simply prompted by mr nielson.
madam president, it is my pleasure to stand before parliament and to share thoughts on the gerde de prudence report on the role and effectiveness of cohesion policy with a view to reducing disparities in the poorest regions of the european union.
i am pleased that argentina is supporting its collapse.
they cannot therefore be taken entirely into account because the disposal of radioactive waste has to remain open, as there may be more than one solution but several ones.
thus, we do not give the consumer the impression that the european authorities give priority to food safety.
that would send out a clear signal of a joint anti-trust policy.
in addition, the eu is responsible for third countries where it is subsidised.
the european commission is applying this method rigorously in all areas, including equal opportunities, fundamental rights and skills.
i also regret the fact that this parliament does not have the goodwill or the courage to speak plainly when it comes to writing.
the last point i feel is particularly important is the protection of the community's financial interests.
that is why the european parliament is proposing an agreement between our three institutions on a method of cooperation in all these proposals for the future.
the committee on the environment is of the opinion that the amendments tabled by the committee on budgets should be adopted, followed by consultative committees, which would make the whole issue more open and at least transparent.
so, madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this must change.
in this way, we will be embarking on our prerogatives in order to make the european union the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world.
the second aspect that seems important to me is the question of decentralisation.
we could not imagine that it would be as long as it is now, but it took a long time.
that is no longer the case with points i or ii.
we have proposed legal bases.
in the case of the 19 people who are victim to the victims, it is an opportunity for relief in the face of the transfer of antipersonnel to help pigs and finally people.
i believe that baroness ashton's decision to send a european union delegation is an important gesture of support and i would like to thank her for taking the presidency into consideration.
please note that this is a network.
mrs gradin, as far as parliament's representative at seattle is concerned, we have already said that the european parliament must be exactly as represented by 15 members of parliament as the american congress wills, in other words, that this opinion will continue to depend on whether we adopt a resolution here or not.
by means of stringent legislation and an industry that is at the forefront and is sensitive to environmental issues, we have developed alternatives in denmark, and we can rightly say that we are generally in a position to meet the requirements of caution.
incidentally, as regards security and the fight against crime, the council has still not answered my questions in march, especially mr van rompuy.
at the same time, the union must help to develop the transport infrastructure in the countries concerned, so that the alternatives to transit through serbia are created.
one country can be a great firm; it can even become a matter of many others because of its power to administer its power, but if it does not respect human rights and does not respect it, then it is a society without values, a society of confidence.
the german unit, which was possible only with the agreement of the member states of the then european community, gave us as a germans the chance to re-establish what happens as a member of this house, romano 1989.
following the conclusion of the peace agreement between the council and only five weeks after the referendum, parliament comes together at the same time as we are in the process of holding a sitting.
such unrest leads to great expectations.
if the matter is to be delayed by the end of april - and i say this with all due respect to mr spencer - it would be too late to give the next general affairs council the opportunity to formally adopt this amended regulation.
to do this, we need a pact for the packet.
morocco and the co-sponsors must both understand what they are expected to do under international standards.
the commission has already taken constructive steps to improve its service to the citizen by revising its system of handling the ombudsman, which is due to complaints by the ombudsman.
the candidate countries will have an obligation to make considerable progress in the area of judicial capacity, the fight against corruption and the safeguarding of minority rights.
the establishment of an automatic procedure between the member states gives member states the opportunity to tackle tax fraud seriously.
how is this to happen?
we therefore need to proceed with great caution.
the sitting was suspended at 11:00 and resumed at 11.00
although all the rules and procedures have been breached, mr corbett does not appear to be concerned by the committee chairman himself, mr corbett.
another problem is the fact that certain areas of the digital sciences in europe are often granted generously and entirely free of charge.
this strategy includes the creation of the european grouping that has received strong support within the ppe-de group.
what kind of subsidiary negotiating partner did we want to see happening?
- at the very least to preserve the parts of the text that make the charter of fundamental rights legally binding and allow the enlarged europe to function better or that confirm the social role of the union.
i have been so keen on this issue because i believe that if we leave these principles of labelling, we will be doing the consumer a disservice.
i am sure that this will lead to a rapprochement between the positions of the member states on the policies of the member states.
i am counting on your support.
it would have been wrong for the summit to be completely the victim of the war.
instead, the agency should support the commission's measures, and we also call for support from the member states without commission reforms, and have tabled some amendments to this effect.
i considered it appropriate to explain our position and to justify why british conservatives will reject this report today.
as soon as all guarantees for safety and traceability are available, the lifting of the moratorium must take place.
situation in the russian republic
mr president, in the excellent report by mrs peijs, i would like to give particular attention to three aspects and give special emphasis to them.
we have a very good opportunity here to show how intense cooperation can actually be.
it would be at the expense of its efficiency.
what will romania do, after all.
we must continue to strive for greater efficiency.
as a member whose mother tongue is english, i condemn this courtesy to other members of this parliament.
perhaps the translation time needs time.
the times of decency, 14 against 1, which were undermined by paralysing factions in the communities, are fortunately over.
what we are waiting for as the european union is that the facilities we have will be accepted by the republic of korea, just as we accept standards in this sector.
ladies and gentlemen, these appalling crimes do not occur in the jails of evil but in the camps controlled and led by britain.
in order to avoid the risk of avoided, it is also important to allow these people, who are overwhelmingly in one place alongside innovative measures for genuine access to employment, also to have access to affordable and affordable skills.
finally, i would like to thank all my fellow members for their very positive contributions to the final version of this report.
in the netherlands, this figure was even 85 % and unlike france where only the president takes such decisions, in the netherlands parliament is deciding what referendums will be held.
how best can we invest our commitments now?
the second is complementary therapeutic procedures, which must be acknowledged in the action programme.
with regard to the position of the european commission, i would like to express my high esteem for your commitment and at least for the personal involvement of commissioner vitorino, whose presentation so quickly came to the conclusion that it was impossible to follow all the details.
you – the men and women in iran who care about the good of your country – will be forever carrying out the bomb bomb.
i would like to ask the minister if he shares the view that human rights violations have been carried out by both state and ltte.
i am referring to amendments nos 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 first part, no 6, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 18.
we therefore insisted, because we did not think of it at the time, and did not have the opportunity to do so, and we are now carrying out such a review on the basis of what was going on in the uruguay round.
the council and the commission will jointly review the presuppositions of serbia and montenegro in these areas before negotiations are completed.
instead, they decided to proceed as best as possible with this presidency.
with regard to interreg, the situation is much better than anything else in the european social fund.
in general, i warmly welcome the report which we are debating and voting on, as well as the communication from the commission.
30. discharge – commission - commission vote
like other members, i would support existing support and support them as part of the general geographical indications.
during this trial there were the memorial and the lawyers present, while the family had to leave the chamber.
i believe that an important decision on the european constitution should not be left to the heads of state or government.
mr president, it is clear that neither the commission nor the individual commissioners, nor the council either, are in a position to bail ish.
if his health is to be ensured for at least as long as he is in the position of president assiduously in office, until the changeover of national notes and coins to the euro has been completed.
this is a very important issue for stabilisation in the region.
for a lasting cultural dialogue, there needs to be equal opportunities and a cultural partnership.
the commissioner has already asked me: what is a disaster in which this fund can take effect.
it is also true that brazil is very important for cooperation with the wto.
if there is fraud in some countries, the commission is obliged to take action.
mr rehn speaks against the views of his political group every time there is consensus.
it would have been reasonable if we knew how to act in these countries and how other animals, for example, are traded and sold within the countries.
mr president, w air exposes is not the importance of a detailed debate on the community system of own resources and we will examine this document with some reflection.
the commission has responded to the questions which have been asked by this parliament, as well as knowledge and conscience.
the parallels between foot-and-mouth and foot-and-mouth disease are acute, and the community has decided in the past to pursue a policy of graduation.
in the light of the results of the european parliament's temporary committee on cia mines, washington should have made it clear that progress in transatlantic cooperation in the fight against terrorism is only possible if article 6 is upheld and human rights are fully respected.
eurojust will then genuinely contribute to the success and security of the people of europe.
but the more serbia is also in the process of integration, the more macedonia is in the integration process, the more it is that we will resolve this thorny and related outstanding issues.
you are absolutely right.
despite the concerns expressed by mr aznar regarding the direction of the discussion in the luxembourg council, no member state is exempt from the agreed conclusions.
nor does the group of the party of european socialists support the increase in appropriations for the programme of action adopted by the environment committee.
when children do not go to school, the beginning of poverty in which poverty is becoming ever more difficult to access culture and education is becoming more and more difficult and it will remain high in a society.
these countries in particular had low levels of alcohol for sexual reasons.
mr president, commissioner, since last year's quotas scrapped, imports from china, as has been pointed out, are by around 500%.
– mr president, commissioner, first of all i should like to pay great tribute to the great work done.
i want bilateral agreements to be used to come to multilateral agreements because the commission must make use of multilateral trade agreements, but let us use bilateral agreements to get there.
the vote will take place at 12 noon.
as far as information about international agreements is concerned, a step forward has been taken in this area before the governments of the member states have written together and the text is.
it looks as if north korea had received the plans of pakistan, but the americans have not provided evidence of a programme of funding.
we also need a strong and clearly formulated political will to make exchange and comparison of information as smooth as possible.
i voted in favour of this resolution because i agree with the idea that europe needs more researchers.
i do not agree with that, because israel has no certainty that lebanon will be able to keep the fundamentalist groups under control.
therefore, eu member states with different traditions and centres of adoptions must not be forced to liberalise international adoption.
of course, there is a difference between member states and it is our priority to put pressure on the member states, to put pressure on them - and i thank parliament for supporting me just in this respect - to ensure that all member states are satisfied with satisfaction.
everything will take time.
this is a very good basis for our continuing work.
let me repeat that it is our political responsibility to make sure that we give all the help we can.
thank you, mr liikanen.
i would like to ask what is termed the advocates of human rights, which today are such a entreprise, and the problem thereof, why they ignore the moral demise of the media and ignore discrimination families and close their eyes to children.
madam president, i would like to make an observation.
this was not the case on 18 february of the year, as i am sure you will remember.
it is a pity that our actions are not determined by these political visions, with political will.
31. waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr gollnisch
the second point is that we want to make sure that this facilitator does not provide sufficient protection for small ones.
in future, the cap should go into greater social needs, such as job creation and the position of women and young people in agriculture.
for all the other countries of the european union, the criteria will apply from the time when conditions are met and participation in economic and monetary union is legal and does not discriminate between member states.
the level of preparedness provided for must be established.
mr president, the impetus given to this house by this house is threatening to become a moral problem.
it is not now time and place to go further.
however, we must ask ourselves what this exhortation is when we are afraid of achieving political convergence on education at european level.
of course, we must encourage demand, which is the only way to achieve economic development.
i would never want the new parliament to have any power of prerogative, which is why i strongly urge that the opinion of the commission should be taken by the new parliament so that it does not have to take a position on a commission to which there has been no chance to respond.
question time council
the issue itself is an urgent one to discuss this, and the report contains much of that.
however, since they have ignored the unfavourable changes in the new eu member states, the eu institutions must bear some of the blame.
80 %, even those who say 'no' in the netherlands, are saying that the negotiations should be used to reform and further democratise europe.
unfortunately, the consequences of these crimes are devastating and devastating.
fourthly, we very much want to avoid alcoholism.
the commission and mr špidla talk of the socialist group in the european parliament saying nothing against flexibility.
we believe that this is not the right way to build europe and that is why we have tabled an amendment, amendment no 24, which allows the regions to defend their rights in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity under the authority of the member state concerned.
in particular, young people in every country of the union and at every stage of their choice can enjoy their abilities and expertise equally well, regardless of their origin and their skills.
mr president, i had the presidency of the sitting to decide what the programme was prepared to be.
secondly, there is the humanitarian issue.
the rapporteur, mr watson, gives us recommendations as to how we are going to turn our backs on sportsmen and women, on the condition that we should be peaceful and avoid any expression of violence.
fortunately, the president of the commission attaches great importance to the exhortation but also to the smooth handover of power.
at the cost of those who do not want to know their budget for the budget.
in sweden, for example, we have a system called i.
such a vision will not exist in the long term without a strong, efficient and community external action service.
it is also the case that people have been detained for a long time, because there has been a bureaucratic delay or no adequate level of support.
the group of independents for a europe of nations supports the report and the amendments tabled by the committee on the environment, public health and consumer protection.
it is not up to us as europeans to determine what the composition of these countries should be.
this is exactly what i have been reaffirming for many years.
equally important is compliance with the directive on the treatment of emergencies.
i can assure you that such amendments are not a major problem because their objective is to strengthen the administrative procedure.
mr president, i would also like to congratulate the commissioner on this last work - yes, i have often chaired him in other forums - and i would also like to thank everyone for this very debate, which many members have spoken about.
nevertheless, cuba does not go with impunity and it is important that we send a very clear message to the authorities that the violation of qualifications cannot be tolerated.
we have chosen to support the amendment because it includes, among other things, aid for palestine, although other aspects of the amendment do not deserve our support.
they do not want to get to grips with the problem of the 150 000 people who are being thrown onto the streets, from these young people who will only add to the scourge of unemployment, which is going to put the finishing touches to the 20 million clubs, which have created their exclusive internal market and the policies they have put into practice.
we have said ‘no’ and we are saying 'yes' to radical radicals and in this report we say 'yes' to human rights without ifs or buts.
on the other hand, we must ensure that similar levels of cohesion are protected by both the mediterranean and agriculture in order to guarantee sustainable development and a legal framework that is as uniform as possible.
that is why a good calibre within five years is better than new changes.
i welcome the fact that the eu is clearly in favour of this issue.
the degree of impetus was given in this spirit.
the proposal before us creates a subsidy for eu level.
this is a very good illustration of the need to change the concept of the common fisheries policy, as it seems to me that it is not so much the member states, but the fishermen, who fish and it is necessary to take measures to guarantee the activity of the promoter wherever possible.
no one dictates how much untilement can be on the shelf.
i attach particular importance to the principle that this is our europe.
this is more likely to be the situation that i detect in equatorial chile on 11 september at the coup in pinochet.
that is why we would like to emphasise once again that we would very much like the council to be much more involved in the deliberations of the committee on petitions and, for example, a high-level representative.
this is reflected in our common strategy to which we are committed in 1999 and in our cooperation in the framework of the partnership and cooperation agreement.
what was the key.
i think that is understandable because otherwise we would not need two committees, but could do so in a committee.
we have today voted in favour of a text which, although not perfect, is a good compromise and on the basis of which it was possible to reach agreement on the basis of the council and the european parliament.
in any event, parliament and the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats are spending on the rural areas of the united kingdom.
however, when we talk about the objectives of the eu 2020 strategy, we must give priority to people, to think and give priority to women.
reforms and better administration of the wealthy, which is natural, not in the first place, by governments, but rather by parliament.
however, some efforts are still needed to enforce respect for and protection of minorities.
this calls for close cooperation between the international community and national governments and the bank for international developments.
if these criteria are met, support should therefore end.
one or two of the amendments tabled do not really make any sense as to the amendment which would mean recruiting staff who could take petitions in permits.
such a degree of caution is disproportionate to the degree of commitment and creates uncertainty amongst the authorities concerned.
that would have created a market for biocidal products and a market for cheap products that are not mandatory, and that must not be allowed to happen.
and, mr carers in your ranks, there are a large number of people who have massive, and who are behaving as if they were the conductes of the european politics.
it should be borne in mind, however, that some price increases have occurred particularly in sectors with low levels of support, especially with regard to size.
mr liikanen could not have asked her because she could be confused.
perhaps she will achieve it by means of the bail-down.
we do not want the present situation to be remedied but enough flexibility for adjustments.
we must acknowledge the efforts and the steps taken by the president of the commission, mr barroso, so that mr bush has the president of this house, namely you, mr nicholson during this visit, and we thank mr barroso.
there are jobs which, as you know, have completely disappeared.
if europe cannot decide, i hope that the united states will act alone.
it is true, however, that the compromise we have reached on the 2007-2013 budget leaves little room for manoeuvre for the commission.
does the council agree that it must be possible to grant a patent to the patent office in the 11 official languages of the eu.
these provisions for a fair trial are laid down for the whole of europe and are among the rights of all european citizens.
mr president, i too would like to start by offering my sincere congratulations to the rapporteur.
the rapporteur also calls on the council to consider parliament's positions when making decisions.
it relates to the whole culture of culture and education and thus to our enormous european homeland.
an awareness of this is shown by the low turnout in the participation of women.
i do not share this view.
we have proposals, as mrs randzio-plath knows us, and we expect concrete answers to help these countries make a rational use of these funds.
mr president, a regulation on tissues products is both necessary and necessary in this age of volunteering.
the report emphasised that concrete support and support measures by the commission can contribute to this.
the oral amendment is to replace the word 'macedonia' in the english version of the preamble to romano timor' .
however, if there is a real possibility of improvement, they do not play an active role in helping to remedy the situation.
russia could be a strategic partner and a good neighbour if eu countries were to concentrate not only on supplying oil and natural gas, but also on strengthening and developing democracy in a country.
the independent republic of independent trade union was subsequently established.
at the same time, vehicles require vehicles to be put in a risk; personal mobility is in danger, because the price of angola is used in this way.
parliament must change its way of working so that it can adapt to the changes in working conditions.
so the proposal is acceptable, but it is not why parliament's proposals could not be implemented if we were to have at least as much value as we would like to hear from heights.
what we need here is a opening up of the markets and it has also been agreed that the extension should be opened up to the middle of 2007.
there were other proposals which were quite different.
nl the rapporteur has actually said herself what this report is about: the european parliament is going to become even more a kind of representative of the edifice, and the little freedom which the smaller political groups want to see scrapped.
with this initiative, parliament would like to strengthen the structures already in place for deepening questions, issues and problems that we need to deal with, and to develop new strategies to combat the countryside.
the member states that have not concluded an agreement on mutual legal assistance with the united states of america at this stage can invoke public order, security, national sovereignty or other interests requested by the state requesting legal assistance to refuse to transfer information in certain cases.
we all have to take social responsibility into environmental protection because the environment is not a renewable resource.
that will not give pharmaceutical companies a boost.
i would like to stress that this facility is a taxpayer and the member states can spend a larger amount if they so wish.
the safety of european citizens and thus trust in the community should be a priority for all of us.
everything, or almost everything, of the european union's action must be subject to european law, because only when european action is founded is it founded on justice and not politically.
this does not change my personal view that it is not a matter for the eu to deal with.
unfortunately, the current chinese policy is in line with what was called for at the time.
and if so, under what auspices.
the consumer will be confronted with a huge range of applications, and this is an appropriate way of developing pluralism.
it is not just a question of the quality and performance of the scoreboard and also of the degree of urgency.
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the council on fisheries resources in the mediterranean region, chaired by philippe morillon, on behalf of the committee on fisheries.
the eu market for fisheries is the largest of 12 million tonnes and a value of eur 55 billion of the largest in the world.
the solidity of the objectives and activities of the central bank is a necessity if we want to take a different positive approach to the real needs and aspirations of the peoples of europe.
democracy means first and foremost respect for the law.
why are victims of trafficking in human beings going immediately to hunt down what the countries of origin and international organisations such as the international organization for migration require.
if the risks are serious, as has been the case for the last 20 years, i think it is also a matter of urgency to have a sense of responsibility to ensure that the skills of the establishments and technology are applied responsibly.
fr mr president, today, 14 february, i would like to say that one in five women in europe is victims of violence.
i would also like to thank you, mr hatzidakis, who helped me to prepare this report.
we can say with a high degree of certainty that the next step will be to refer the president to the bureau, because there has never been free elections for romano timor; and mr castro is the model with which he belongs.
a number of pledges were also made, and last year the bail arm of the ukraine.
this report is based on the false premise that aid granted under the edf fell within community competence.
i can confirm that the commission is in favour of the three amendments in the cabrol report which reflect the compromise between our three pledges.
at this meeting, the commission and the member states will be urging the authorities and the member states to make renewed efforts to accelerate the implementation of the undertakings signed in 1996, particularly in those areas where results have been identified so far, such as rural development and the situation of the indigenous population.
mr president, the summit in malaysia will be a test for all of us, both for the european institutions and for the member states.
it is hard to understand why it is intended to use the principle of unemployment and economic growth in international competition, which has been mentioned here.
let me briefly explain what i mean.
it is particularly interesting to note in the light of recent events that the committee of wise men recommends that the president of the commission be able to dismiss the dismissal of individual commissioners.
our priority must be to preserve existing jobs and create new ones.
- in addition to the reimbursement of the actual travel expenses - the reimbursement of travel expenses by distance and residency.
the court of justice of the european communities has already acknowledged the right to consult a country abroad and so we should not, as mr bowis rightly pointed out in eu rules.
mr president, in the last few weeks our slovak friends have informed us of several acts of violence and brutality that are opposing the hungarian minority living in their country, or whatever.
i would like to express my appreciation to commissioner barrot and president barroso for taking action in this area, and i hope that the commission officials will follow their political theories with swift and rapid solutions.
we also believe that the use of the death penalty in adults is a prerogative of each member state, and do not have a line on this issue.
it madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we believe that the regulation is positive, as it aims to create a uniform legal framework relating to information on medicinal products; these are information that cannot be carried out and which pharmaceutical companies must be allowed to communicate to the public, which remains unchanged.
the eu’s cooperation with the world health organisation is of paramount importance.
these two journalists and their interpreters have been held in jail in camps in laos since 5 june.
it is about european citizens, who have the right to a democratic, transparent process.
illegal shipments are a major problem in terms of both the environment and an economic and social perspective.
nevertheless, it is noted that the italian press as a whole is expressing the diversity of the political positions that are being expressed in this parliament, and the government in which the government often attaches great importance.
however, the committee also dealt with the political significance of the report after publication.
however, i have the impression that after the discussions on sis ii, there is no reply, but rather more questions.
an essential point is public information.
i welcome the enormous progress that has been made in the area of urgentness, since the union first received justice and home affairs jurisdiction and the area of freedom, security and justice.
we also need to maintain and strengthen research and development on new energy sources at european level, and to achieve more effective use of existing energy sources.
in order to relaunch democracy in europe, it is important for every nation to have a european level playing field.
i would like to point out that the ministers will already take this up at the council meeting on 18 september in order to establish the framework and the modalities for this monitoring, together with the commission and the secretary-general or its representatives.
the commission should also urge the member states to ensure that they do likewise.
i also accept the request to submit a report to parliament and to the council before 1 january 2008, on the use of these substances as if necessary, a legislative proposal on the continued use within time limits as stated in amendment no 14.
as you may be aware, a company in the united kingdom - to be precise - has been able to address a number of problems relating to its release by referring to the relief of romano timor.
finally, i share the rapporteur's and the commission's conviction about the fundamental role of the family in protecting and educating children.
we call on parliament at least in this case to abandon its usual usual attitude that facts must not be allowed to lead to political and economic development.
part of the problem is that there is a great deal of suspicion between the various national authorities - even i would venture to say, between the members of parliament - and not least within the industry - which fleet corresponds and how well and how the common fisheries policy and its implementation are applied.
however, i understand that there are gaps in the law, but if i understand it correctly, you are here to close these gaps.
who should be in favour of this message then?
i would like to make it clear that, if the commission cannot be closed with the commission, it will remain so.
one of the most important aspects of the fight against illegal immigration is the effective control of the external borders of the european union.
in the public debate, asylum seekers and illegal immigrants are increasingly lumped together and if we are not careful to respond to the terrorists that we have to fight.
as i said earlier, therefore, it should not harm the consumer.
i do not understand why a repeat of what has been allowed in other member states of the european union in the event of a negative result should not be allowed, as was the case in your country, mr president.
polish authorities and municipalities estimate this to 60% this year.
for more than two years the americans have not yet done anything about this.
how can finland and italy continue to allow the same level of allocation per hectare if the standard of 50 grams per litre of groundwater is not exceeded in groundwater?
it refers to fair fish and real needs.
this also reflects the development of the european edifice, with important institutional and constitutional consequences.
this is the consequence of support for the subsidy.
president-in-office of the council. - fr mr president, it is true that in march 2007 the european council agreed to grant a minimum appropriation of at least 10% as the target for petrol and diesel.
however, they insist on the full national governments in matters relating to foreign and security policy.
this has also been detrimental to employment in such a know-how in europe.
biodiversity is a global framework for the protection of biodiversity.
the deep political crisis is going on: 24 march was postponed for decommissioning relief since november 2007.
we emphasised this a short while ago when we were looking with unmicents.
of course, article 3 is essential because it lays down the supremacy of community law before national law, provided that the practice of practices can affect trade between member states.
these clauses are therefore only to be applied if this is really justified, which does not seem to me to be the case, precisely because the agreement with china imposes the products on products - that is to say, half of what is liberalised in january 2005.
my second point relates to funding for damage covered by the directive.
can anybody please tell me what they are negotiating with.
we need protection for the people and we need a field where this protection is guaranteed.
based on this information, parliament's report requests that the member states that vote for this system should also be obliged to vote in favour of the proposal.
otherwise, we must wait too long for the full acquis to be included.
the only question is: what is the framework, what are the terms and what are the terms of technical implementation?
access to documents relating to the institutions' activities will enable citizens to make accountable to the authorities in power and become more effective and consolidate democracy.
mrs randzio-plath has talked a lot about the responsibility of the states, which is also what mrs randzio-plath is saying, namely that the local authorities have an important role to play in environmental policy.
the eu set eur 48 million for a pledges, the main objectives of which are the return of the refugees, the promotion of democracy and justice and reconciliation and the institutional support of eur 2 million.
the enlargement of the union by the countries of central and eastern europe is one of the most important tasks.
that is why i am asking you very much.
they are already there.
president-in-office of the council. - let me emphasise that it is not a question of political will.
the first thing we need are the priorities, but we must also resolve them if we want to have a chance in the future to protect groundwater.
the new technologies under discussion today have changed the conditions for most sectors of our society, such as producing, renovating trade, research, etc., and so on.
secondly, because of the democratic legitimacy of the european parliament.
with regard to women, the 83% of the population resources and their unemployment rate are 4% above the remit, the summit must take concrete measures to ensure equal access to the labour market.
we are moving in the area of facilitation, even if this term is perhaps not particularly beautiful.
as far as the house is concerned, there are various opinions in this house as to whether the european commission's proposal is too ambitious.
you are preventing aircraft from flying and, as such, you are directly concerned with what you have just said.
we should therefore get things back in the right context.
we must change this.
. – mr president, even though there is more or less consensus on this report, this must not prevent us from considering some fundamental questions which go beyond this report and the eib's activities.
if we as the eu-15 are unable to do so, then we will put the eu at risk.
does the council intend to ensure that the results of votes are published where appropriate, and that judges are given the option of holding a different opinion from the ruling?
how many procedures.
the un has been pushing ahead with the resolution of sanctions against iraq.
extradition today is clearly a procedure which does not respect individual rights.
it will also be necessary to make further efforts, in addition to these reports, to which i urge the rapporteurs and the rapporteur to make further efforts.
our group therefore decided to abstain in the final vote.
the opponents of civil society have taken advantage of our bureaucracy and are critical of keeping quiet as if they were the holy ones.
mr president, i welcome mrs theato's initiative and i would like to draw attention to a few specific points.
i would ask that a new focus be placed on this.
mr president, we in this parliament and in a democracy have the right to express our opinion.
the system introduced by the european union is a poor system for citizens, at least as far as employment is concerned.
however, it has taken nine months for the economy to start to move away from the deep recession and it may take some time this year before the relief of aid has an impact on the reversal of labour market trends.
in fact, we can only give our citizens a picture of what the european union is doing to them in their everyday lives, and talk to them with real actions and to talk to them about europe.
we expect and demand more.
from there. i pass on greetings to you, honourable members of this house.
in order to do this, we - the european parliament, the european commission and the council - have no choice but to work hand-in-hand to learn these lessons in the wise, intelligent and truly european policies that the citizens need.
thousands of people from central and eastern europe, from africa, from africa, asia and latin america, are driven out of poverty at home and fear of their families.
this is not clear from it.
these annual reports to parliament - the second - are an excellent idea.
my final point is that we need to fund the countries from the countries.
there is really no time to lose, especially with regard to energy.
if the europe of culture really is in progress, let us not forget what mr vidal-quadras has proposed, suggesting that the treaty be amended and proposes a monitoring centre for cultural cooperation.
i do not think so.
there is clearly a need for a close partnership with mediterranean countries based on respect for human rights and the rule of law.
in conclusion, two years after the tragedy of the erika, the satisfaction and the successful adoption of the thessaloniki programme should really be a guarantee for all the citizens whose lives were affected by the accident two years ago, the collapse of the emergency.
the whole question is precisely about this aspect in order to the basic nature of the provision.
in any case, we take note of your comments.
we also want clear priorities: first, first, and not counting on emergencies.
the borders of europe must not be extended or relaxed.
fr mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as my fellow members mrs rühle and others have already pointed out, on 27 and 28 february, the enormous reservoirs in several french regions cost 53 lives and caused huge material damage.
from 22% of european funds, more than 50 cents per litre will be classified as generally accepted health care.
we should deal with them with a great deal of confidence and determination.
the commission proposal does not last in its favour.
who can rule out the possibility that the whole world will one day be checked on a global scale.
we do not have any precise information on the legal basis, so we cannot ask whether the commission is proposing voluntary agreements or binding rules.
the northern republic is opposed to this decision making and will always be so.
local enterprises, especially those benefiting from it, from this respite.
the church and many others are our allies in the fight to ensure respect for human dignity.
i would ask you, please, to reflect on this once again.
mr president, on monday the committee on budgets adopted the accent on the adoption or rejection of the interinstitutional agreement, in its duly approved session.
from a far outlook, it looks as though it is a simple calculation, but the more complex it looks like the construction and all the more so merger.
the four countries concerned - austria, spain, luxembourg and france - have now completed the legislative parliamentary procedures only today in order to bring all the central banks into line with each other.
i can assure you of the importance i attach to you, but this is costing too much time, which is a very thorough piece of work.
the opposite is the case, we believe it to be the strength of this proposal.
in many small areas of office.
the legal framework of the charter would allow a limited number of holdings to be made possible with the application of european standards to the best installations in central and eastern european countries, in order to create a culture of security and to definitively shut down the decommissioning plants.
i would therefore like to ask him kindly to make his comments on me and to thank him in advance for that.
swedish presidency
but legal certainty must be legal certainty, not only for the people and the environment, but also for businesses, for companies that buy raw materials, that is to say oil, know-how or whatever.
to conclude, the report highlights the key role of national, regional and local authorities, as well as citizens, consumers and entrepreneurs in achieving the objectives set by the sixth environment action programme.
it was of course necessary to ensure that seven medals are adapted in the late period and early years in order to make transport with seed in the european union clearer.
as we are going to debate this issue in two days’ time, i would like to draw attention to two points.
i shall comment briefly on that.
i also believe that europe must adopt a united and clear position on the situation in georgia and not close its eyes to the gross violation of the sovereignty and integrity of a russian undertaking in russia.
you have decided in accordance with article 85 6 of the pledge that 500 000 italian people employed in switzerland should be removed from around three quarters of their pensions.
i appeal to europe to go the other way.
let us now turn to the subsidy.
however, it is more about this parliament with a view to the future.
i would like to say these words to the european parliament in strasbourg, its homeland and homeland for 40 years.
this is an important part of the edifice in a deep crisis, also entails considerable costs and is of enormous importance for many people, but the council obviously still does not intend to discuss this.
the two main problems relating to the phenomenon are due, on the one hand, to the oft-graciousness of the european court of justice at the preparatory stage, or the inadequacy of the portfolio which mrs barrot referred to, and on the crucial issues on the other hand.
the exchange of experiences and annual evaluations of member states will hopefully lead to increased employment in the union.
it is time to guarantee justice and to compensate for injustice.
in addition, there must be no question of abandoning the topical and urgent debate as discussed in agenda 2000 and the mid-term review.
i think it was very important that we put forward this resolution.
the reduction of housing, the creation of new measures to improve safety and the promotion of sustainable measures are essential objectives that are chiefly aimed at the union's own level.
the money from the social funds for example, the money for industrial restructuring will mainly pass on the cities.
we welcome parliament's strong interest in this issue and, in particular, the constructive and ambitious approach of mr brok's report, which encourages the council to continue and further improve its work in this area.
member of the commission. - madam president, the resources for resistance to the riots which we are planning in november will provide further ideas on how the commission could address the member states and the stakeholders in all sectors concerned.
in other words, what we want is a level that should be a start.
it must play its role in this region and create a point of reference for everyone.
i would like europe to become the home of the next generations, in terms of both university and not-for-profit companies, who are the champions of competitiveness and innovation.
i think that is a valid question.
we call on you to vote in favour of the resolution jointly submitted by six political groups.
this is a major problem affecting millions of people and their families throughout europe.
however, i am convinced that the problem lies elsewhere.
the next item is the report by mr vidal-quadras on european funds.
that is why it is happening.
i refer in particular to the vote on this report with the activities of the human rights committee of the european parliament's committee on foreign affairs.
last year, the committee on transport and tourism of the european parliament called on a delegation to prioritise and promote the potential of the river as part of eu policy.
mr president, i congratulate the rapporteurs, and especially mr valencii, with whom i have worked together on the independent review of the european stabilisation system, which was launched by the council last year.
above all, however, the commissioners who have the right to vote and those without the right to vote will have a real authority in such a way as to leave the commission under a heading.
even if the united states and russia continue to play an important and growing role in this sector today, the european countries are still playing an important and growing role.
too many have major economic interests in this matter and are not interested in disclosing their secret accounts.
the honourable member also spoke of modern technology.
the two go together.
we must organise our work in such a way that we pursue the issues we are concerned with and resume rehabilitation.
i am voting in favour of the report as support is fully justified for relief granted to relief workers from firms from eur 30.29 enterprises.
it is therefore up to the commission to make a statement about this 12%.
i am glad to be able to speak after my friend, elmar brok, who mentioned the copenhagen criteria.
once again, reference has been made to the problem of inequality in relation to the pay of women, as well as the commission's offer to reduce these funds.
mr president, the floods in mozambique and mozambique have brought a country into a serious disaster in which we have witnessed the political horrors of the past.
eu legislation on the promotion of environmentally friendly vehicles provides for investment in the manufacture and production of vehicles with less than anything else.
the intimidation of citizens, torture and public executions, meanwhile, have become the awful daily daily life in that country, not to mention the restriction of freedom of expression and expression.
i would like to thank commissioner verheugen and minister rehn for raising this issue.
very specific cases of countries such as my own country, portugal, which have a considerable structural backlog and an enormous degree of underground, must be dealt with separately.
first of all, it would have been a matter of urgency for the member states to set up a fund to finance the convention, which is directly funded by their own contributions and controlled by them, but the convention is a body that has been set up outside the treaties and is in the process of preparing for the intergovernmental conference.
moreover, the committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights did not support them.
thank you very much, commissioner.
we should not place the member states with their educational and cultural skills.
member of the commission. - mr president, honourable members will be aware that the mandate given to the decree on behalf of the european parliament and of the council on the establishment of the solileties on 13 march 2009 automatically confirms this.
i would not be worthy to wear the words of jean joseph or, if i am simply content to look at the 25 flags and i would be delighted to hear the members from the new member states, or to express my satisfaction with the way in which they come.
today, the member states are asking - and rightly so - for the member states to exercise competence.
madam president, mr president-in-office of the council, commissioner, nobody can ask the developing countries to continue their debts because they already have debts and their debts are four times as high as average.
parliament must commit itself to a european charter recognising the legitimate aspirations of the victims, such as not dealing with terrorists and ensuring that they carry out their full support.
the only way of making a mistake is in fact to know the full composition of a subsidiary or whatever, and so we must have a guarantee and so that we have a real guarantee of a real fund, not a certificate.
madam president, mr president of the commission, ladies and gentlemen, as a defender of this parliament's committee on fisheries, you are making things quite difficult for me, mr prodi.
i am sure you know that on this side of the house we cannot accept a strategy without social content.
the conference in seattle and the citizens’ demonstrations made this demand clear.
there are discussions in the commission and, in a few cases, ukraine.
in 1997, romano timorformerly formerly romano hatzidakis, formerly romano prodi, a visit by hungary, poland, the czech republic, romania and slovenia, with the aim of re-establishing nato and the greatest possible enlargement of nato.
in addition, i welcome the agreement reached, but the assets of hamas powerlessly.
i have personally visited several quarters to explain what europe is in order to know the problems they have in relation to the global world and, in particular, with us, and to negotiate negotiations in india, china in many latin american countries, africa, in all our candidate countries and in almost all of them.
it is a real step forward that the permit should not be removed immediately, and i also hope that the system of rotating the commission will really work and do nothing.
i would therefore like to urge you to answer the question that you have just asked.
that is why i am convinced that common sense will end here.
es yes, mr president.
in sparsely populated countries with little or no breakthrough, particularly in america and beyond, lorries have been developed, known as road map.
universities have always been the preserve of european civilisation and have played an important role in the development of our societies.
the third railway package will allow the liberalisation of cross-border investments from 2010 by providing a viable mechanism for financing the infrastructure.
while that appears not to cause significant problems in category 1, it is likely that the appropriations for the structural funds will be used to the full.
this is because people suffer from disease and suffer as a result.
we need only think of development if we do not give it teeth.
first of all, i would like to remind you that, in the name of the delegation, the slovak republic ratified an agreement on nuclear safety that was adopted in 1994.
this is not only about a lack of democracy and transparency, but it certainly does not bring the added value of a genuine joint agenda to the challenges posed by terrorism and the need for it.
madam president, europe was against this.
the targets must be met by 2020.
here we need viable and reliable agreements with the other arctic partners.
that includes, for example, the level of support for over 100 projects during the period from 2004 to 2006, or the facility and the corresponding allocation of eur 1 million for the period 2007 to 2010.
despite all the weaknesses, russia is an increasingly authoritarian democracy.
something has been said about that.
it seems that european agriculture will be able to exert pressure on negotiations as a means of exerting pressure.
these solutions help to make employment and rural areas more attractive to women.
mr president, i too would like to congratulate you on your excellent report.
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have today voted in favour of mr costa's report on the quality of the fittings and harmonisation of criminal law in the member states.
never do we hear talk of oppression or doha.
the action plan and the strategy put forward by the commission will safeguard the hierarchy and the gaps in the legal framework and european policies in the field of biotechnology.
there is also concern about the lack of clear criteria for the use of future funds for unused funds.
but what a monument.
however, i would like to ask a specific question concerning the procedure for establishing claims.
in this area, the commission intends to present to the european council meeting in february, in july, the adoption of the visa waiver procedure at european level.
our group, too, does not think that the final result is perfect but we have to live with it.
my question is therefore this: what do you intend to do to first identify all irregularities and, of course, to put an end to them?
