it is not a disease like some polish participants in today's debate.
however, turkey must overcome the fears and re@@ deploy@@ ment.
i am thinking in particular of the situation.
moreover, i do not think it was appropriate at that time to draw up a comprehensive catalogue of a catalogue of legal regulations, because that is why it is only possible for us to have a comprehensive catalogue of legislation.
firstly, the question of the directorates-@@ general, or policies that have been approved as a whole, have been allocated to the budgetary authority in 2001 and 2002.
that is what i can say for my part as a result.
mr president, i think that it is actually the turkish government and not the european parliament to adopt the preservation and preservation of the immense wealth of many religions and many cultures.
the european parliament has rightly voted in favour of the suspension of the parliamentary immunity of romanian meps.
we forget that what we are doing in libya is also assessed against the background of our behaviour towards the other countries in the region.
it is true that we are not in a position to do so, we do not have the power or the means or the means to carry out this action, but we can raise questions and raise important issues.
that is why we europeans are all called upon to encourage both sides to establish a sustainable solution with a wide range of applic@@ ants.
the territory of the united states of eu countries is important for regional cooperation.
i have already heard from various members that it is not our thinking.
we must therefore make it clear that there is no budget for bureaucracy and bureaucr@@ ats.
i would like to ask commissioner flynn to look at me and to urge the government of ireland to coordinate their efforts with the european union in this area.
- before the vote on amendment no
what is your comment on this issue.
as a result of the important role of the israeli state in the region, it is also the task of carrying out this effort.
in conclusion, mr president, ladies and gentlemen, you will then be voting in favour of this mobilisation of the situation.
the commission proposal for the introduction of the introduction of public assistance to abolish member states
energy and natural resources should be used more effectively and would be an excellent contribution to the eu and productivity.
the committee will draw up an own-initiative report that will be the rapporteur.
today, parliament has adopted a report on general product safety and this is another important step towards strengthening the european union.
these include, for example, and
we have therefore voted against all the so-called '@@ kam@@ as@@ ing' such as advertising in television or in the eu.
mr president, the second reading on the proposal for this directive on behalf of products which offer consumers gives me the opportunity to express my satisfaction at the very positive attitude of the european parliament in the consumer protection issue.
nevertheless, as this debate has shown, there are many of these european issues that require the possibility of taking a step in order to bring them all together.
i ask you: how can you agree with each other for this product to be offered and at the same time allow it to continue to exist for olive oil with others.
mr president, mrs de palacio, ladies and gentlemen, although i am particularly pleased with the movement of funding, i am pleased that we have achieved a good result, which is not least the result of the work of mr sav@@ ary.
this has been sad because i believe that the eu has achieved a great deal in the world.
we will check whether there is a need for stricter regulation.
at the same time the commission is playing a modest role in cooperation in the baltic region.
today we are voting on a motion for a resolution aimed at guaranteeing respect for human rights and acceptable socio-economic conditions for the people of western sahara.
that is how the system works and i think it should work.
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
they owe it to all those who have fought for fundamental rights and freedom of the press, and i owe them to my generation that never anything else.
it is a correct and extremely important decision for the civilised world to be closed during the last decade.
the post is a growing sector.
the security forces the security forces.
it is for example those who work in the field of training, but also doctors in training.
together with elmar brok, mr morillon and other members of this parliament i had the opportunity of visiting the floor last summer.
mr president, commissioner, afghanistan was a promise for five years.
the 2010 budget was adopted according to the old treaty until the execution of the budgetary procedure for 2011, but the institutions under any circumstances could take action to implement the budget procedure for 2011.
one of you, a man said that it was a man who said that he could be extremely grateful.
if only purely humanitarian actions are carried out according to which political criteria will then be used by the european parliament and the council of ministers, the commission and the council of ministers are used to and should be spent on a purely humanitarian action.
in that way, it could be up to the mond and because most of them would be happy to do so.
on monday 28 september, more than 100 people were killed in guinea as members of the security forces in the host of demonstrators.
most of these are historical cases they have all been resolved.
what kind of assurances can be packaging is that it is in a position to be able to demonstrate that it is possible.
i also support the call for the request to abolish the turkish referendum, and to immediately resume the execution of the effort.
i have taken this matter to the president of the european parliament before christmas.
i can assure her that she can always count on our support on these issues.
the statement by the indonesian government that remains open to negotiations is to take us in this view.
the commission certainly agrees with the view that greater public awareness is needed to reduce emissions.
madam president, once again the european parliament has been engaged in a common position on the directive on the patenting of the eu.
but why do we prefer to control other than not ourselves, the member states of the european union?
such a misunderstanding is an expression of a general problem with which i believe we are facing in our committee.
we have said and repeat that we need a strong cultural factor in shaping europe and that it is an important and essential element of information and, at the same time, to convey the message to all the member states to send out the message of the euro.
the scandalous behaviour of italy in italy shows that all these things and other measures need to be implemented as quickly as possible.
however, the commission decided to publish the application of the manufacturers mentioned by the members of the manufacturers of the manufacturers of the european union.
thank you, commissioner wallström.
i would like to place on record that in the last two weeks no one of the three members of northern ireland would ever have liked to see that it would be different from the one that was the case today.
this does not give the impression that these forces are doing enough to make it possible for him and the network of his suppor@@ ters, in order for him to be able to do his justice.
however, we must point out that there are major differences between us.
however, i would like to draw your attention to the following. what is happening is for our industry.
the majority of the government would have made it possible to obtain a broad and necessary political and social agreement.
the reason for which we are holding this debate today is in a new development that represents a major challenge for our area of climate change.
it is sensible to adopt a system at member state level, because all member states have to take part in the efforts to reduce emissions.
that is why i ask you, commissioner, when the commission will present a plan to take responsibility in mr barrot, and mr verheugen.
they have become second-class people, who can no longer be able to express themselves in public opinion, and afghanistan was once a win-win situation.
this course of action was only taken up and running.
the second alternative is, in my opinion, a reduction for european citizens and taxpayers.
that is not the case.
i voted in favour of this report, which aims to do something about women's disparities in existing inequalities in terms of access to certain types and acquisition of these, including and scientific research and lifelong learning.
unfortunately, there are no plans for these children to take up the costs and they need to be put in place.
it should therefore be noted that the current efforts in the community do not go beyond what is said in the directive on the introduction of companies and on prices for transfer between the companies involved.
as the author is not present, question no 53 lapses.
has the child of a right to be able to work on the same opportunities, as the child of a car.
the next item is the report by mr schwaiger on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, security and defence policy on the proposal for a council decision on financial assistance to bosnia herzegovina and herzegovina -
this will strengthen european security and it must not be at the expense of public freedoms that are part of the european type of effort.
parliament adopted the resolution
but if you will allow me, i will give you some other interlocutors in your next visit to you.
5. joint effort.
there is always a lot of work to be done, even if it is reasonable to work for 32 hours even if it is reasonable to work 32 hours.
firstly, we would have liked to have been able to decide for something more ambitious and targets binding on the other for less stages.
the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality are central to the institutions in the course of the exercise of and therefore an integral part of the better.
we want fair trade, and that means that those who have been able to introduce goods in the european union are the same ones as our duty.
the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon is a unique opportunity for significant progress in terms of human rights and democracy, which must now be an integral part of the foreign policy.
these countries have a right to determine the pace of opening their borders and to the liberalisation of their own economies.
we propose that parliament should enter into a strategic dialogue with the european council that we call upon parliament to discuss the recommendations of the parliament, a suitable foreign policy strategy and a gradual meeting of the european security and defence policy.
the joint programmes help those countries or regions where there is a problem, or those that need to be addressed.
parliament can certainly be satisfied with the codecision procedure and cooperation with the council in the field of food safety.
this increasing lack of scientific rigour and good research into eu legislation is due to this increase.
the second specific characteristic relates to the question that has now been taken for twenty days and - which is unusual for the people - a number of people who have been living in prison - a number of people who live in and who have already started.
in fact, they were much in the past.
as far as i am aware, not a single country is a single country in the dutch presidency and a clear decision of the european finance ministers or should every member state continue to do so.
the debate is closed.
it has not been mentioned today, but the policy can also achieve a great deal with proper public effort.
finally, there is a reduction in the management of fish stocks in the very young.
it is relatively new to implement and take action not only on the table but also to implement and take action.
i therefore strongly appeal to the commission to do everything possible to protect the romanian referendum in romania.
i assume that the commission has taken careful note of what has happened here this morning in plenary when we vote on the budget.
pl mr president, the fact that in the last two years in the context of the efforts to mobilise millions of opportunities in the context of the union in the context of the introduction of a reduction in the amount of the amount provided by the planned quanti@@ ties, nobody would be able to take any action.
you will have to say something about the agenda and i have very great problems with the agenda.
we are trying to find a solution here in order to reduce the possible number of types that could arise.
for this reason, the commission is following this issue and very close to the council's recommendation that it is also a mandate for the council.
this was a tragedy in which we were in fact a tragedy which has considerable and potentially damaging consequences, but the efforts made before our coasts were deliberately brought to the sea.
the debate goes beyond the powers of the eu institutions and what the member states are.
the commission accepted this method, and after very tough negotiations and nearly a year of work, it is this compromise that we are presenting to the house today.
i am more concerned with the expectation that the european union could once again have authority to gain authority as a matter of others.
it is quite clear that we have a lot of problems in our day-to-day work on a clear basis in our daily work.
mr president, russia is not a model of transition to hungary as a model for transition to democracy.
while the code is trying to eliminate and eliminate both men and women, it is based exclusively on the voluntary governments of governments, entrepreneurs.
as for us, russia is a strategic partner for us.
the first part of his report is particularly useful because it provides the conditions under which a complaint can be submitted to the ombudsman and the complaint about the treatment of complaints.
the success of our future activities depends on our public opinion on the direct implications and the long-term benefits of enlargement.
this delay took us years.
in writing. - lt i supported this document, since the committee responsible for granting the joint undertaking to the implementation of the joint undertaking for innovative medicines for the financial year 2009 was determined by the committee responsible.
madam president, i would like to thank the rapporteur for producing an excellent report.
mr president, mr posselt, not only do we have a lot of talk about the opportunity, but this morning i also know that i have tabled an amendment to the rules of procedure to be put to the vote and to mr fatuzz@@ o.
mr president, i do not know where the rules of procedure are concerned, but in my voting list there is another report to be voted on in my voting list.
vice-president of the commission. - mr president, you will not be very clear to me about the outcome of this discussion with the back of brussels.
in a word, agriculture, as the greens have always said, it is environmentally responsible agriculture, as the greens are doing.
not all initiatives are sufficient support, but they can give new perspectives to the debate.
it is in three years that practical experience should be a win-win argument, and we must take advantage of the next three years.
firstly, there should be a reduction in the efforts of rena@@ ul@@ ted by renault to give some thought to france.
i have the impression that the most important priority for the acp countries is not just how they can continue to be able to exercise their own management priorities and their own plans.
as a result, i hope that the co-@@ legislators will ensure a balanced text which is at the heart of high protection.
since the conclusion of the evaluations in the autumn of 2001, the elected measures could be in force earlier than in 2006.
mr president, this parliament is ready to start by making its own door.
there is a problem.
what is the situation today?
however, there are signs of organised crime in this area, organised and i am concerned about these risks.
the chairman of my group has referred to the situation in denmark, for the referendum on the euro.
it really is a matter of the long-term damage that we have been able to destroy human health and the environment and we have long-term damaging damage to human health.
for the european parliament and in the opinion of our colleagues, mr brok, mr barón crespo and mr president, mr brok, and mr president, whom i would like to thank most warmly for the review of the intergovernmental conference, the outcome of the intergovernmental conference has been largely adhered to by the heads of state and government.
this money must not only be distributed among eu farmers in future, but also among farmers in the eu.
it is their own money and the eu that should not over-@@ restrict the parties.
i am pleased that i have been able to make a contribution to this important progress on the issue of european citizenship.
there are already a number of obligations on the part of the consumer protection acquis.
in the case of a less complex issue, we have received the documents on 5 september and today, 20 september, there are some hundred of us meps who are sitting on a friday and make this reform.
the retention of annex to the accession treaty means that it will be approved with the approval of enlargement.
i must say quite clearly that the european union's strategy towards russia has failed.
furthermore, the decision that parliament adopted a year ago shows that it is clearly damaging effects on society.
as you well know, i had tabled 13 amendments in committee, the measures for hake and more than half of the amendments tabled by mr varela for the separation of two species by the committee.
will it really be the case in agenda 2000.
however, as mrs roth-behrendt rightly said, in her report, we must not be seen as a substitute for other types of environmental standards and a number of other types of environmental standards and care.
on 22 november last year, i think that we took an important step in this direction.
finally, i am thinking of the many thousands of young people who want to travel to the sea.
it is not a matter of such a great deal as it was on some other points that we discussed this morning.
it is a long process in which he has made progress.
we cannot start again by putting people into force in peace and we must maintain political authority for this purpose.
when he took the matter in the council this week, the presidency took its approach and assessing the situation once again.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, everything that has been said today is important and correct.
technical measures are different depending on the conditions on the ground.
in my opinion, the eu has been pushing for example by providing for information not immediately and products if information is not provided immediately and products.
this issue is regulated in the treaty, but we will get some internal and clear guidelines for parliament in the future.
every day in africa, around 10 000 people die from the disease, the number of people in the world is 35 to 35 million.
mr president, at the time when i am speaking here in the european union there are estimated four people to follow the consequences of the disease.
firstly, it is a resolution which is important to croatia.
it strengthens the sense of belonging to the european union by concentrating on our common roots.
it is important to prevent and prevent the creation of jobs.
he has all played a very successful role during the difficult debate on the european union budget for 2011 for the year 2011.
instead, it is an obstacle to the internal market.
on the other hand, there is a debate immediately.
that is why we say that the european union and the united states have different objectives.
it is also not sensible for us to try to change the text in the trialogue of two days before parliament on the text of the trialogue and mr frattini is trying to change the text.
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
in this way, we can make better progress in the community.
madam president, we are here in strasbourg in particular in the special tradition of robert m@@ m, which was a step towards economic integration now with the euro, but a step towards political integration.
this time, we might even have a stronger group, a particular focus on prevention and the dynamism of our efforts.
and i would like to try and express my gratitude for the fact that you have shown me the importance of success in this regard.
due to the short time available to me, i would just like to highlight some of them.
mr president, vice-president of the commission, ladies and gentlemen, we have to distinguish two things.
the debate is closed.
the challenges in this region are increasing and urgency.
i think you have given some very good statements.
no, it is not!
this is also part of the translation of all official and 7.
this cooperation between the member states and the setting up of a situation in the european union must create conditions so that we can end up with the european union and ensure that the european union is ensured.
on the other hand, we know that we cost up to eur 50 million up to eur 50 million.
the time for the next reform of the treaties is to be used in the best way to respond to the issues and to the scepticism in the member states who have been asked about the concrete shape of this system.
according to the report, the victims of trafficking in human beings from different social dumping from the very wealthy to the extent to which the member states are best trained to complete up to older women.
in the light of this, in europe, at least, the eu should at least make a statement.
such cofinancing would mean that certain member states would not be at risk of discrimination within the union.
. mr president, the alde group has the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe.
the eu should strengthen democracy and human rights in these countries more strongly for democracy and human rights.
it is an old and global problem that is independent of culture and many countries which are more or less developed.
it is a major difference whether it is a question of setting a very close area, for example in the netherlands, where the population is concentrated on the same conditions for thousands of islands, such as greece, or in very different ways in france.
in the embassies of the eu member states in the search capital, they find for example a great deal of attention to which many of the commitments are made.
i am pleased to support mr nicholson on this issue.
here too, the restriction of the european union is only apparent in this area.
i would particularly like to thank the austrian presidency and the commission and indeed my shadow rapporteurs from all the political groups for their very constructive cooperation.
could we ask for the execution of the other side of the internal market and make it easier for our companies and our citizens to function.
and it goes without saying that it is also a question of the impact of the introduction of the introduction and of the professionals in the future.
studies have shown that growing fish stocks in the eu and more often are only due to the event.
in the philippines and in ugan@@ da.
this would weaken the project of political europe and also endanger cohesion.
as the report states, the implementation of the common fisheries policy is very much dependent on the involvement of fishermen and their organisations in the decision-making process, which is why it is essential to make codecision progress.
during the negotiations, the seychelles has the power to postpone this change@@ ; in order to avoid distortions of competition with a view to the situation, it is intended to prevent distortions of competition in order to avoid going into force in the future.
this state of affairs must be encouraged in a way that is directly conducive to the actions of the eu.
i think it is reasonable to use funds from the community budget or other community resources in order to achieve economic balance.
the european union is a pioneering role in this way as it has been laid down in the campaign for a general ban on how it has been laid down in the convention.
we have been able to take the fight with these bon@@ ds.
we all agree that globalisation takes place but, unlike the previous speaker, i believe that we must grasp it as an opportunity to grasp the right measures.
it goes without saying that such a vacuum will either take a long time either for a long time or in any case of nato, with both the humanitarian and the aspirations of the member states.
the member states need good reasons for doing the eu power and competences.
we want to see both of them.
i would remind you that the violence in ireland was never attacked or murdered in ireland.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we have a motion for a resolution which expresses the concern of all the groups in this chamber.
mr president, we must remain faithful to all of the circumstances, or of interest we are also interested in the eu.
in this way, and provided that the rules are respected, the fish stocks will not be a long way and will be sustainable.
as other speakers have said, the 'polluter pays' principle must be applied.
in addition, an animal can now really not read whether or not the case for this or that animal or is a protected nature.
there is no need to hold this debate today.
in other member states, this is what we should be doing.
it was not just a progressive movement because it would lead to a democratisation of polish society as a trade union as a trade union, but also a better health and health care at work, as well as better treatment and healthcare and child@@ care.
the new government in the united states has re@@ launched.
the commission has reacted within five months after it has looked at the fact that damage is actually causing damage.
parliament has also set ambitious targets.
a majority of the population is openly and more and more people are going to enter into an open mind.
first of all, the european union must promote the efficient use of energy efficiency in its foreign policy, by making it one of its priorities.
ladies and gentlemen, although the adoption of the charter of fundamental rights last year in nice, the adoption of the charter of fundamental rights in nice represents a step forward for human rights in the european union.
that is the problem, and it is therefore not a question of cooperation in the field of the one hand in hand.
this situation is linked to the rise in unemployment in one of the visible pages of the capitalist crisis that we are currently aware of, and is in particular responsible for the growing number of workers living in poverty, because their wages are too low for their livelihoo@@ ds.
why has no single market been established and why the various clubs within the national market are able to compete with each other@@ ?
mr president, these forest fires in malaysia and indonesia are not in order.
in this way, it goes without saying that there is no political place in europe.
the abolition of the instruments for the management of the market cannot be regarded as one of the means of simplification.
this progress has been made in a wide variety of diseases, such as those in question and referendum, and it was quite different to see that it would be a step in the right direction.
that also contravenes the situation.
madam president, what you said yesterday and today you have done justice once again your representative office and your humanity.
without them, however, these banks would not have been successful.
since 11 september there has also been a step in the direction of the seppänen in the report and in its draft directive, as well as in the case of even a number of circumstances.
i also believe that the commission seems to be able to serve article 129 as the basis of the harmonisation of laws and drugs policy.
there is no contact between the albanian population and the eu and both parties are actually involved in their own and above all in the balkans.
if you have to go into it, we will be faced with the problems that will be facing us.
during his first few years the emphasis was placed on supply from the outset.
decision on urgent procedure
this is because it would lead the number of projects to be financed.
furthermore, the respect for the principles of a ban on the use of the human and part of the principles of the application of the human and of parts of the human and of the community should be based on the same genetic information as a different human beings.
the eu also made it clear that the us government and the american people can count on full solidarity and cooperation in the fight against terrorism.
written statements rule 142
however, it is not just a matter that we are talking about the annual report that has to be held responsible for the moment.
if the reduction in the price is essential, we would say no to the harmonisation of the situation because it is a step towards levelling down that it would step up in the right direction.
we need to protect our fellow citizens and our businesses.
this particular model of individual freedom, coupled with certainty, is the one that makes it possible for the european union to be a special model.
this will enable us to use all our best experiences when it comes to addressing the issues that concern us all about the development goals or the needs of the very poor people in the world.
the common objective of such a very common objective that two states of israel and palestine can live in peace and security cannot be abandoned.
and as you are in the case of the group of the european union, you are here - as in the case of the group - of this kind i am in agreement here and elsewhere.
in my opinion, the report places a focus on artistic artists and more and more important in the direction of a high level and more important ones.
that is the case.
many of the provisions in the report and above all their implementation are extremely important for the development of relations between europe and africa.
this shows how important it is to make the choices of consumers and the principle of internalisation of the costs of the internalisation of the costs.
today there is a conflict between two.
the representatives of the european commission had also admitted this on the eve of the kidnapping we are asking for extension of this protection to the fishing industry.
i would like to mention these women who need our solidarity, and the european parliament, above all women, to support all organisations capable of improving the situation of women in afghanistan.
the new code for the protection of children is being disseminated by the training of personnel and associations involved in the institutions - judges, the ministry of social and social democrats and the institutions - and, of course, with great support.
it was very late by the government of guinea-bissau that we should be prepared to ensure that we should be prepared to ensure that the process is properly and fair.
it has been made - and this is the point - only a small decision - but everything else must be done.
about 20% of the funds have been unused over the past five years.
in view of the extremely important role of the duma in recent events in russia, the fact that we are holding a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee here in strasbourg is so important.
that is what it is all about.
i would particularly like to draw attention to the proposal for a european project, a proposal aimed at protecting the right of the member states to ensure the monitoring of fisheries, support and above all the monitoring of compliance with international labour and the problems of immigration.
in terms of transparency, i expect the establishment of the european external action service.
may each of us analyse the economic development of the last few years and if it is objectively and objectively it will be based on the figures that do not confirm politically or politically.
all this is good and good, but it is not the case that it is the case.
that is a major task.
it was the confederal group of the european united left - nordic green left in the name of the confederal group of the european united left/nordic green left.
this failure is also enough to go to europe.
that is how it works.
it must be adopted unanimously by the council and it is strict conditionality so that all the contributions themselves have been made.
the european parliament also wanted to inform the european parliament about the commission's intentions to be informed of the priorities of the new interinstitutional agreement on budgetary discipline and sound financial management and, in particular, the measures adopted by parliament during the negotiations.
in your report, the member states primarily attach the importance of preventive measures which will also be a step in the commission's proposal.
i am also delighted that the commissioner responsible for our neighbourhood policy is in the chamber.
as many of us have discussed the issue of the black@@ lists of terrorists and the ability to have discussed the issue of the black@@ lists of terrorists and the right of the public to support it.
there is a real danger that pregnant women will be affected by pregnant workers or those who have been affected by discrimination.
every step on the roads is a victim and i therefore ask for support for my motion.
for that we are to support them, it is also a matter for democracy.
such a level cannot be the case for the european union.
these two areas are not always possible, but we must take account of this problem in our society.
madam president, i have always taken the view that a regulation in this area primarily within the framework of the internal market, and not necessarily should be made conditional on agreements with third countries.
you have rightly pointed out that we have had very many votes in favour, and we seem to have voted almost full of approval.
i would just like to remind you that we have conducted a very important debate on strengthening democracy within the eu.
reference has been made to the credit rating agencies and stress tests.
what, then, is the added value of our appointment.
the money is still there.
this new system will be a valuable asset for the citizens and the environment of an enlarged union.
it is very difficult or encouraged to receive pupils at all.
the global poverty by 2015 by 50% is to reduce the number of challenges in the next few years.
the first point which has already been made by the previous speakers, namely that we are in favour of openness and public support for democratic transition to comprehensive control, and to information and communication.
we must not only ask ourselves these tasks but also to such a way that we can provide security to our citizens and respond to their concerns and concerns.
i think that could be useful.
mr president, i would like to conclude by saying that for many years we have understood that we have been saving our solidarity today.
the question in iraq is one of the oldest of the world and talk in terms of the language.
es mr president, my speech is about one issue which has not yet been dealt with.
we have been able to reconcile the programmes and we did not just have to reconcile contradictory objectives.
the international stock exchanges currently figures a high price for compliance.
capitalism is calling on the victims again to lay the foundations once again for the benefit of the interests of the multinational companies, the human tragedy of the treaties and the temptation to take every step in the interventions of the imperialist centres.
people need to feel safe in europe.
in general, the stock exchanges are taking place in a great deal of good news from the eu because it represents a rise in inflation.
i realise that this is very short of your services and i apologise for this.
the debate is closed.
i therefore agree with the position of the majority of the gue/ngl group that is taking place in the north-west of the republic of macedonia.
enlargement is an historic success.
commissioner, please do not tell us with the same old statement that the member states are responsible for implementing and audit@@ s.
the purpose of the technical investigation is not to blame and to see responsibility for what is to be done, but rather to look at the causes.
with regard to the fisheries agreement with green@@ land, i am sure many of the scottish league in these days is that it is not subject to the common fisheries policy.
a journalist was asked and said at the moment when he was reported that three names were mentioned by people who were supposed to be in may.
i have to say that it is obviously easier to pursue asylum policy in europe than in the netherlands, a liberal asylum policy.
one of the agreements reached between myself and the vice-president of the agreement was the need to incorporate development and into the agreement in order to take account of the possibility of bankruptcy.
in writing. - the conservative delegation has always supported efforts to open up markets and promote cross-border trade between eu member states.
i therefore call on the european union to reconsider its position and to look at the negotiating table in order to examine the representatives of the draft directive.
he has given expression to the willingness of his government to give expression to his government, and to access to the waters.
this will also have to be taken, although other aspects such as the environment and working conditions must be taken into account.
what has to be done now is thus in vain.
nevertheless, i would like to reiterate my full commitment to the fight against hiv/@@ aids.
we must therefore ensure that the relevant provisions are effective and balanced.
that is why we have not signed this text and our own motion for a resolution.
we know most of us.
it will help as an institution to implement the new common fisheries policy, which will help to introduce and more effective control and to introduce more effective control and immigration.
in 1999, one example that is not the end of this year, but the report presented by the previous year, one example that was not the case, but most astonishing that the three largest assets in the world today are the whole of all the least developed countries.
in contrast to this, two spanish clubs can be more than half of the bill.
you are right, of course, to inform the house how you intend to vote, but that does not change the outcome.
mr president, article 129 b must make a contribution to economic and social cohesion.
it was originally suggested that the card should now be suspended so that the card is now and not just a vehicle.
i cannot therefore vote for this regulation or the report.
this explains the high quality of the report that you have been unanimously adopted by parliament's approval.
mr president, i think that all our thoughts have been expressed and they must be borne in mind by those who have lost their lives, to the families of the united nations, the people of haiti and the people, who are suffering even though they are still alive.
in 2008, and this is what was said by the day, it was the biggest upris@@ ings that were leading to social divisions and loss of life.
there have been a crime on both sides of crime.
if you propose a solid policy in january, and an appropriate step then we will find them in the search for a forceful allies.
it was not only destroyed by the efforts of the dissidents but mainly through the activities of the members of the communist party, who are fighting for change, democracy and the implementation of human rights.
for me, this was a serious fall in the effect of which i had a copy of a statement.
if olaf does not produce any results.
then europe must know what it wants and not what it does not want to negotiate.
i have to say to the council that we in the european parliament have reason to consider that we are in the european parliament ourselves and the way we look at the 2011 budget.
it could be welcomed and seen as a sign that our fellow citizens are happy to be satisfied.
we will not make any progress unless we believe that we can achieve the protection and preservation of the environment - by encouraging others to make it more difficult for them or for the environment.
it is clear that there is a case in luxembourg in which it is responsible for this area.
it is a remarkable one, man and a referendum, a miserable one.
the solution found in the matter of the search for a solution also allows the term to be found for a product which would be derived from potatoes potato@@ es, potatoes or qualifications, without the production of others.
it is not just a few moments ago politicians or a group of political groups who are saying.
there were far too few women and it is still too late.
if, for example, we lay down standards which are to be different, the car manufacturers can comply with the standard by making their cars more difficult.
they create a new one.
i note a degree of continuity by the council when it comes to the renewed horizontal approach which this time is reinforced by what is called for.
the need for environmental protection will be major constraints on our societies, but it does not appear to be sufficiently focused on the new prospects that environmental protection is in the pipeline.
it is about justice, and it is a supplement to the situation.
as far as it is concerned, we need to have a policy on which we have ambitious objectives, so that european companies are better placed to compete on world markets.
it is for others that we reject the european union's interference and nato so that they support the legitimate government and ask the people who are asking for the matter to be put on the table.
the council remains in its position that the restriction of the free movement of the palestinians must be limited to measures that are genuinely necessary for the israeli authorities.
a second point is that it is important to continue and intensify the path of strengthening small and medium-sized enterprises.
there is a great deal of an effort from the outside, trying to geopolitical targets here and elsewhere in the direction of geopolitical goals.
da mr president, it is not long since the european court of justice established that germany has established the allocation of occupational retirement provision more transparent and public@@ ation.
some ministers - not everyone - would have preferred it if there had been no proposal whatsoever - that part of the ministers for community increased community action in the field of cultural matters, even if they are proving to be extremely suppor@@ tive.
it is needed.
the aim is to fulfil the tasks of the sectoral policies.
turning now to the matter of the first amendment, i agree with that.
this is part of the restriction of the restriction in particular and also for a period of introduction.
i am convinced that competition in both both sides and the world is a good one, as a whole.
pt mr president, this period should be a complete change in the policy and priorities of the european union.
so what is happening now.
this was given a positive reaction to the european union's representations in the developing countries, both in terms and among the organisations of civil society, and it is important that we address the issue for the first time in connection with development policy and development aid.
this is why the monitoring of humanitarian aid is particularly important, and we are dealing with this issue, both in bilateral contacts with the democratic people's republic of korea and the relationship with which our aid is distributed in that country.
i hope that my right to do is not going to prove the right to do so.
at present, the range of human activities, particularly industrial and economic activities, is taking into account the external costs, as it is in the case of a very small extent.
i would like to say that it is a great deal, since it contains improvements in many cases of recent texts.
the member states support the approach proposed by the commission and reaffirm its intention to cooperate closely with the european parliament in order to ensure the formal adoption of the text during the swedish presidency.
in the worst cases, these texts will only be achieved by means of existing national legislation without any european dimension.
mr president, i am pleased that my report on the white paper is so broad in this house.
firstly, i would like to reiterate that the italian presidency of the council has expressed a number of times in parliament and in the framework of the intergovernmental conference.
the third point relates
i will inform the college of commissioners what has happened here today.
we will be opposing resistance if it is a question of the mere cooperation of governments or in the formation of a period on our continent.
when we talk about people with disabilities, there is a tendency to offer certain services for people with disabilities but a separate matter for them.
on the contrary, the conflict in question is even more so, in fact, in chechnya over and over the entire period.
there are, however, a few aspects to which i should like to refer to and make a clear statement about them.
as the rapporteur has said, since the first reading in the european parliament has been more than six months in order to reach a common position required for a common position.
it is a question of those who took the winter and others and who now want to make their plans.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i had the opportunity to speak on both the russian side - with mr radwan@@ ' s du@@ ma, both with the russian side - and with mr la@@ vis@@ .
ladies and gentlemen, this is also an important step for europe for our society.
denmark is also mentioned several times in the annual report, and that is a couple of time.
it is the commission that has to assess whether a law of a country is not in line with the acquis communautaire.
however, the negotiations conducted by the european commission are still in secret.
what is happening in the export of a number of member states.
as you know, we also have a budget for the whole budget.
i can only imagine that there is a desire to ensure the treatment of patients in need of treatment.
i will say to the young people that it is going to be train@@ ed.
there are different problems that arise in terms of a situation in which geographical location, migration and so on, we should be mindful of what my fellow members have said about the trend in the centres of the regions that have been mentioned in the various regions of the regions.
in any particular case, it is the question of the perpetr@@ ator of the perpetr@@ ator of the law.
we have had to focus on innovation, which should be done in the field of intellectual property rights, and which should be proportionate to improving the internal market while respecting the member states' sovereignty.
mr president, i fully support the commission's views with the committee on the environment, public health and consumer policy.
thank you, commissioner.
subject: support for the concept of the introduction by concrete measures
however, it has been possible to improve the provision of information for patients.
we need to be able to take the opportunity that it is appropriate and so that it can be put in place quickly.
it requires the support of every single community.
there are still lower rates of growth.
i therefore regret the commission's commitment to the universal service applied by the commission to the universal service and i call on you to have a comprehensive and strong directive on this for the future.
i would like to answer the following questions.
the third aspect we must discuss is why we are not always willing to modernise the institutional organisation of the european union.
i take the opportunity to draw the commission's attention to the adoption or rejection of our amendments to this phenomenon.
indeed, this initiative is mainly concerned with what will happen in the future on the internet.
thank you very much, commissioner.
the rapporteur, mr daul, had to urge a number of new conditions for liberalisation and privatisation of the process, as well as others, which seek to make a number of new realities in the field.
subject: progress in the field of road safety
mr president, commissioner, the combined transport system is a good thing that the combined transport is being dealt with shortly before being dealt with here is a good thing, but one that is in the long term for a period of time.
perhaps the administration also contributes to the responsibility as a result of their efforts to provide information and advice and to impose sanctions.
in fact, only a number of member states have achieved a figure that would have reached the point in other areas of public finances.
i believe that both managers and targets are important tools for businesses.
i am concerned about the need to ensure that these stocks are also in place and that we should start to make a serious effort to ensure that fisheries in the baltic sea is operated in a sustainable way.
the procedure and the timetable will make it more difficult for the commission to be elected in two stages, and that the current parliament will only have a short period of two different treaties.
i voted against this very justified in accordance with the rules of procedure, and then mr bösch - as i think he was completely right - to criticise the whole explanatory statement which was expressed in the rest of his group.
this is why i would like to suggest at this point that it is actually constructive with eurostat and not just as much as it was in recent years.
in this connection, parliament has expressed its courage and determination to give recognition to the families of the victims and express their sympathy and express solidarity with the injured families of the victims.
in reality today and tomorrow in another country in a different country, it is becoming a significant contribution in reality in terms of what has been said by very demanding political negotiations.
with regard to commitments, as far as commitment appropriations are concerned, this should be recalled that the council believes in the 2008 budget.
it is a significant step in terms of the value of corruption.
the negotiators from south africa have a truly remarkable compromise in their own country in a very difficult situation.
we are now faced with the heads of the european union and neighbours in the world, but the european project is currently suffering from the problem of the scale of the effectiveness and the implementation of the constitution, which i have helped to formulate the best possible answer.
that was an interesting initiative.
we in the european union have a moral duty to do so, but this aid should never be done.
britain is already in the united kingdom of immigrants and asylum seekers and outside the eu.
the draft report also proposes a proposal to the 2006 european year against violence in order to put an end to the fatal virus of violence.
there is no better basis for a peaceful and stable development in this region as a breakthrough on the road to democracy.
the result was that the proportion of women in the labour market was high in relation to the current eu countries.
for these reasons, the report before us deserves our support.
the next item is the short presentation of the report by mrs kauppi@@ , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control, on the control of the implementation of the instrument for the period 2007 to 2007.
there is also a need for a vibrant society, a free press, all of these things.
however, i believe that this date is acceptable because it is about environmental objectives, the problems of all those involved, which are not always the same.
this will prevent the situation from being happening as a matter of urgency.
the report calls for a move from the historic moment to the year 2020 and calls for an experimental and objective criteria than replacing the current regulation.
mr president, first of all i would like to thank mr corbet@@ t.
it is a period of time that the number of workers made redundant as a result of what is known as the introduction of the commission's initial estimates regarding the number of workers who would benefit from the fund.
parliament is committed because we have all been committed for years.
no amendments have been proposed.
i hope that president of the czech constitutional court will be able to give him once all the remaining doubts about the czech constitutional court.
how can we be allowed to allow the leaders of the lebanese forces, who have reminded us, following a process of proceedings, the leaders of lebanese forces, who have been detained for four years in a real period not only because he did not want lebanon and was not prepared to be?
it is obvious that the many general european rules of procedure are difficult for the european consumer to make a clear statement.
i do not think it is necessary.
strengthening european research can also include these countries at various levels in the community and also benefit from the experience of integration.
in the rural areas of poland, the buildings were predominantly out of the eu.
parliament has once again made its commitment and support for the benefit of the effort.
the british government has not had the opportunity to collect experience with the sis i have for reasons which she herself best.
we are therefore making a small step but we are still demanding something more than the treaty.
today's vote will not change this.
the threshold values for the introduction of gmos should be combined with one another.
it is no coincidence that any natural disaster in any natural disaster has destroyed and that it destroys their livelihood living and occupation.
if they do so, it is therefore up to the end of this matter.
i have to say that i have to say that this is a matter which has nothing to do with this directive.
member of the commission. - madam president, i believe that we all have a common goal, namely the establishment of the balance between the economic efficiency of these systems and the protection of small ones.
the member states themselves are called upon to act promptly and to transpose the legislation into national law.
as more than fifteen members have asked to speak, we will now hear the first five of them.
experience shows that trade in the event of a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions is the opposite of the case.
i also think it is very important that the commission should implement the measures proposed in connection with the protection of intellectual property.
i believe that this type of action will serve to create systems of pensions which serve the interests of the member states and not in the direction of the introduction of a safe state pension systems for the benefit of europe's citizens.
here europe must make its contribution to the diversification and modernisation of those in latin america, with the plans for technology transfer and building capacity, and thereby creating the best possible environment for investment and, as a result, all of these tasks to eradicate poverty, inequality and exclusion.
i listened carefully to your speeches and noted that parliament was almost unanimous in this case.
we are disappointed by the reduction of the expected ecu 700 million ecu at ecu 00@@ m - which naturally led to the submission of proposals - which should be spent on a third of bse.
written statements rule 149
mr president, i too would like to thank the rapporteur and the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs.
the report on the reform of the eu in february is on the agenda and the reports on rural development and the implementation have been dealt with in november.
there are extensive work of the three institutions.
that is why i do not understand the concerns expressed about this, especially when it comes to small and medium-sized enterprises, since they are not so much on this point.
as a last resort, it is the case that we are talking about.
i believe that we must make a structured effort by means of a structured effort to enable these companies to return to their feet.
secondly, the introduction of energy and the introduction of the eu is the second issue.
it has gradually taken into account or does not measure the sustainability of the development and progress in general, but it does not take account of environmental sustainability or social inclusion.
in this context, we will continue to play a decisive role in the preparations for the deployment and execution of discussions in the troika so that talks.
we have a total of the georgian presidency.
the commission's proposal is firmly set out - and this is a legally binding obligation imposed on member states - that it should have the same level of protection as those who carry out self-employed work.
i would like to see a say in the same way as i would like scotland to look like scotland and in the united kingdom, that is, we are told that we are going to deal with the money.
the government of the united states has made a great deal of effort because it saw the introduction of such measures, a unilateral step, which would lead to a one-sided and multilateral approach.
turkey once again needs to meet the copenhagen criteria and the commitments it has made.
in bulgaria, it has been carried out in bulgaria and the leading role of the public prosecutor's office in most investigations.
we must work on this.
because what the majority of these members of this house defended are the freedom of choice for drugs, even freedom for drugs, against the morality of the ten or even the freedom for drugs, against the morality of the ten command@@ ments and the fight against parliament.
the recent european union report published our rapporteur confirms the value of the feasibility and the potentially positive effects of such a fund on our part and in the future.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports on criminal law and
i therefore welcome the adoption of the report by mr florenz today which strengthens the commission's objective of promoting the european union's objective in the whole of the union.
that is why the eu is convinced of the principle of mutual and proportionality.
the eu and its negotiating partners are all to find a diplomatic solution to the iranian federation, and, in this respect, we must continue to follow the line of the approach.
in order to find a solution to this situation, there is no need for an eu but programmes to promote social inclusion.
in conclusion, i would like to express my hope that the next debate on this matter in the european parliament will not just be a matter for the moment, but also of the common position.
. mr president, i am going to try and hope to respond to the main points of a number of members.
nevertheless, every step should be to try to achieve any kind of time even if this is not a guarantee of employment.
therefore, i firmly believe that we should continue to act within the united nations.
otherwise, this is a kind of blackmail with the approval of the european union and of the european parliament.
it is very clear that the new ideas are moving forward.
this includes the cessation of nuclear power and the activities associated with it in sella@@ field.
that was the first challenge.
of course we need to develop a good definition.
hence our vote against.
it is neither sufficient nor wholly but at least it is there.
the most significant progress is the recognition of the european union in the future.
it is important because it shows that there will be an increase in 15% of global health problems and by 2020.
it is then a question of a situation where it is based on a range of social security and planning.
this is not a good example of european policy in the period between the first proposal in 2001 and this second proposal is not a good example of european policy.
i would also like to thank the rapporteur for the committee on legal affairs and the internal market and the situation.
i can only promise you that we have learned from the past.
the quota system is complex and would have only worked with producers who have a role to be played in this 20 stages.
it is a problem for us.
it was indeed more than 100 pieces of european union legislation that the british government blocked with its veto.
we are convinced that there will be important progress in the legislative framework with the commitment of the swedish presidency.
we all agree on this.
we are not dealing with the problem in its entirety.
it is also a question of the equal treatment of men and women to be invo@@ ked.
for example, there is no need for a concerted effort to protect the copyright of copyright.
what is now no longer compatible with this kind is the solutions that will be taken into account.
we all know that foot-and-mouth disease is difficult to control, but its impact on european agriculture and other sectors of the european economy require the establishment and implementation of the controls.
in writing. - it the international public opinion has been shaken by the recent tragic events in rome.
as has already been said here, it is certainly not a case for the eu.
it amounts to a follow-up.
ro allow me a few comments on the impact of climate change as vice-@@ chair of the committee on the environment, public health and food safety.
the accompanying measures relating to the fisheries agreement are only a technical and political guidelines, and the european institutions must not unilaterally interfere with the right to control measures that fall exclusively within the national competence of the islamic federal republic of germany.
we shall now proceed to the vote.
i just wanted to draw attention to the fact that the vote was taken at the time of this proposal.
it is precisely those who are in favour of criminals and terrorists who want to impose dangerous substances that are threatened with the spread of dangerous substances and therefore others.
the only way to live and to life and to work in a peaceful and democratic country is one of the victims, josé and democratic and to live and work in a peaceful and democratic country.
promoting stability in europe and promoting sustainable economic development - these are the new priorities for new initiatives for 2004.
the proposal is not applicable in practice and if the animals have left the eu is not in a position either.
the european parliament did not address these questions, the european parliament in its first reading, because it was largely the opinion of the article 6@@ 5, which was largely the opinion of the article in the press for the period in question.
it is the fault of the people who are responsible for this system.
for the first time in history, we have the same opportunity to bring about careful planning and making savings possible.
now we could be looking at the principles we could now have.
we are not only in morocco in the european union, but also from other third countries.
this issue is part of a dialogue on the future, because no women have no future.
i would like to stress that, as long as there are poverty in the world, we cannot expect to resolve this problem in the european union - we cannot expect to solve this problem in the european union.
i see you as a number of - very important - targets, of course, which also includes employment.
mr president, when we heard what mrs jensen, said, it is quite clear that both the commission and the member states are very little attached to it.
as to what happened, at the moment we are looking at the moment.
i know that some of your colleagues are interested in this, the commission - i am slow to take up a number of your colleagues - i am beginning to look for a number of things.
we do not only condemn the executions and disappear, but we also insist on the fact that the indian government should be independent and engaged in carrying out investigations in order to obtain the evidence.
on the contrary, the differences between the regions of the union and this have been increasing for some time.
these developments bring about a greater pattern of oppression and political trial against opposition to opposition civil society, the media and the opportunity to make up for today.
these tasks are followed by the treaty of amsterdam and the opinions adopted by the european parliament.
i would therefore like to repeat what the commissioner said that it is important to suspend the agreement.
the committee on civil liberties, justice and home affairs voted on 5 october on its opinion.
finally, i would like to emphasise that if we want to move forward, we must insist on closer cooperation with those who have the will to do so, and the others who do not want it.
consequently, the directive can meet the great expectations of our citizens in terms of public health and the environment, and we must not allow them to be.
there was a council meeting in october.
the absence of an integrated maritime policy has been the reason for many years now in the european union, although we should be aware that it is an extremely important labour market.
we have created a europe of values.
several institutions.
we must be subordinated to the mechanisms for reporting and frequency of this objective.
the eu is determined to provide firm impetus and adequate resources to combat all forms of discrimination against girls from the outset.
however, i would like to say something more concrete.
on behalf of the commission, i have again invited the social partners to make an opportunity to improve the framework for these measures.
i would therefore like to thank you for the two or three times that there has been a certain amount of time, and i would therefore like to take this opportunity to reiterate the floor again.
that is why i agree with the president-in-office of the council on this matter.
i would now like to make three recommendations.
i voted in favour of this proposal because i believe that the eu will benefit from this because a properly functioning market for public procurement is essential in order to stimulate the development of the internal market and to stimulate the environment and social integration throughout europe.
we will look at how the eu can contribute to the peace process against the backdrop of the political decision in israel to withdraw from gaza in the short and medium term.
in several instances, the european parliament has stressed that china should also join with china as well.
it is precisely in the application of these principles that the presidency intends to give fresh impetus to the commission's proposals on the accession of the community to the convention on nuclear safety and the joint international convention on the security of the management of the fuel and radioactive waste.
secondly, what is your view on the fact that we have different measures in the field of combating and combating bse.
although there are improvements to definitions and conditions for transport, these improvements are obviously still inadequate, and that is also the case by parliament in the short term.
i therefore voted in favour.
the european taxpayer must regain confidence.
we must be able to create the right conditions in order to reconcile the efforts of the child to work.
as it is limited, that responsibility falls within the remit of the union to deal with in@@ action.
europe must keep pace at the pace and we must concentrate on our expectations in this 21st century.
50 years later, in his introduction, he did not withdraw this declaration, but merely explain what everyone knows, namely that the italian communist party and european socialism were inseparable at the time.
it is a win-win situation, but it would end up with a view to what is happening in march.
we must oppose the security council.
i fully support the commission's proposal on european citizenship.
so far, social cohesion has been at the heart of european union policies.
the directives and directives are now on the member states to apply them and to monitor their implementation.
i believe in fact that the fight against barbarism in the defence of european diversity and diversity is a fight for the modern aspects of the fight against barbar@@ ism.
this would de facto call for a directive without parliament.
the vote and concerns and the approximation of the rules are crucial.
we have several instruments with which we are able to work, and this is the centre@@ piece of this directive.
my group strongly supports this development.
i would like to ask mrs reding a few questions.
i would like to thank all the speakers for their very constructive comments and a number of responses to the waste that was mentioned in the event of a moment ago which ensures that the directive is designed to ensure that impact on water, especially on water, is maintained.
we must be able to do better from the proposal for the directive, for example, that the situation in the applicant countries should be given greater attention to issues related to neighbouring regions of the european union.
it is precisely because ukraine is one day to join the eu, i am deeply dismayed by the way in which the recent local elections in this country have expi@@ red.
no alternative has been made to the se@@ d@@ er.
in other words, we can still have this debate with those who really want to be able and who do not believe that we need standards just now.
states have taken various measures in similar situations.
mr president, i will be ready for one minute.
the current eu member states would be disastrous and a serious obstacle to their accession.
in economic times not the budget deficits have been distributed.
and that is why it has called for a tax on a tax to be issued today.
the rapporteur has just said that there are 500 000 accidents per year in the case of the european union.
this year and parliament had a difficult mandate to fulfil and it was not easy to find common ground.
the rapporteur, mrs peij@@ s, has done an excellent job under the significant influence of ngos and ambitious environmental objectives.
it has not been seen several days since the end of may not be seen as reports by the army of the junta and they have been murdered by the army and they have been subjected to.
the first major state that it creates in the list of the richest countries is the united states, as it would be the extraordinary example of the situation, in itself, such as those who have made a huge amount of effort and autonomy for legislation.
however, we would like to stress that we reject the means that the report is to be recommended in the fight against racism and xenophobia.
we know many examples of good programmes but many have not been fully implemented.
we do not want industry to be involved here and we want european films to be seen more in europe.
this is about the way in which it has been doubled and the police force that every step should be abolished.
however, the personal note is that you will also allow me to vote in favour of these amendments, as my group will vote in favour of these amendments because they want to strengthen them.
in particular, i am thinking of the introduction of a negative impact on the choice of consumers and the dependence of retailers on the other.
however, it is very important to take into consideration the legislation and role of the national parliaments.
needless to say, the tensions and controversy surrounding the attempt to do this.
she said that it is important to collect knowledge.
a further desire is a clearer formulation of the existing rules, because our aim must be to review the demand for less state aid.
in writing. - fr at a time when food prices are being carried out in a very nutshell, a resolution of the european parliament is more necessary than ever.
the aim must be to ensure that cross-border cooperation is established at an international level.
it is regrettable that the decision taken by the member states and by mrs jensen, is limited to the question of the principle and the risk that we would like to respond fully and completely out of the event of these ceilings being rejected.
there is also a significant role to be played in which women in companies play an important role, whether they are in free or above agriculture.
so, first of all, the situation.
ro in the current economic crisis, the europe 2020 strategy seems to be a real challenge.
so much for the introduction
i would like to stress the transfer of powers to the commission to adopt delegated acts in accordance with article 130@@ s of the treaty on the functioning of the european union.
one in the war in the war in the mediterranean region is the worst disaster which the world can imagine.
we also need to ask why people all have ownership of all the ownership of their entire property.
this is because these questions give people cause to worry about laws and repressive measures.
he is a man who has always fought for the palestinian people.
it would be necessary to take all the necessary steps to prevent or avoid contamination from gmos.
but it is only the tip of the start of the day.
the next item is the council and commission statements on the elections in the republic of the eu.
i firmly believe that education and a consistent way to break the vicious circle of discrimination against the roma, and i therefore voted in favour of the motion for a resolution.
a total of eur 18 billion will be available for the four eur 18 billion.
madam president, i thank mr cunha for the good work he has done and which will enable us to take advantage of our further action.
mr president, turkey was admitted at the helsinki summit, but we must wait until the necessary internal reforms and the human rights situation to be adapted to european principles.
so far, each country has the problem in its way but it is now a question of finding better solutions.
it can be said that those countries are best placed to prepare jobs on the basis of a sound financial policy and, sooner than the other structural reforms.
there are a thousand thousand permanent inhabitants and 15 per cent of their basic rights but they are taking care of.
it is also important to take account of questions of the need to take account of the situation in which we should take account of the efforts of the member states.
it can create the conditions for growth and jobs, but it is not a win-win situation.
the proposals for the council and the council are only a step in the introduction of a few exceptions, with a few exceptions, which have become necessary for purely legal reasons or for certain obligations in the council.
this will send us an important signal to our partners in the world, to the whole of europe and to our scientists.
they seem to have won the fight against the eu in pakistan.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
i welcome the fact that enlargement is a sine qua non for the achievement of stability and prosperity across europe.
we know, mr president, as we know that alexander and the restrictions of the freedom of the media by the western member states and the restrictions on the freedom of the media of the western member states of belarus, all means and routes to a third term in 2006.
author. - de mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me begin by saying that my group was a little surprised by the legal assessment of a dramatic attempt to take a resolution on human rights issues on the agenda.
as a result, the control system does not provide sufficient guarantees for the implementation of their commitments.
it will be important for the people of kosovo to decide on their own matters and to ensure that they have a right to say in the event that they have a right to say and that the rights of all ethnic groups and minorities are guaranteed in accordance with european standards.
yesterday, we have seen a successful conclusion that quality later than quantity is paid for.
the system should be phased out in order to achieve the 20% target for 2020, and it should also be extended to the case as much as possible.
with regard to the measures, the commission would be prepared to examine the involvement of and to look at the involvement of the member states.
the victims deserve our full attention.
there is a greek minority who plays a major role and a gain for the democratisation of albania and, of course, also to ensure that it can play its full role and play its full role.
madam president, i therefore call on the european institutions to intervene.
mr president, mr president-in-office of the council, mr president of the commission, the debate we are debating today concerns many issues.
as far as the united kingdom is concerned, it is neither necessary nor appropriate at eu level to make the united kingdom.
in doing so, there is little point - as has been said on several occasions in this report - to try to make the commission accus@@ es the dialogue with the acp countries over the last few months, including technical assistance.
i am sure you share the conviction of the presidency and the council that both institutions should also work together on the community budget.
this house recently confirmed by what you said in this house about the fisheries agreement with guinea and angola.
but once it comes to the vote, and the european parliament has the power to make it possible, then you are those who want to put this proposal on the table.
parliament has already made a plea to the ban on the sale of the sale to which it has considerable.
as a result of the deregulation of the financial markets changed in the wake of a change in the financial markets.
you have convinced the tone by forcing eu heads of state and government to decide on ambitious targets for renewable energy and co2 by 2020, and to combat climate change.
that is why we should not be too narrow in terms of the risks involved in the member states.
it was interesting that a few minutes later reported to a farmer who said that he was monitoring what was said in a very short time and he knows no better control than in the case and he knows no better control than in the eu.
for example, we can take the example of guinea and the warning that it does not provide for the consumer and therefore also the warning that consumers should not be subjected to.
let me say to the last phrase that in the whole debate about monetary union or the other member states, in connection with monetary union or without monetary union, we would have to make savings if there is not always a single currency in this whole debate.
an area of co2 emissions in the european union is an area with a high percentage of co2 in the european union of the construction and technological decisions in the construction sector.
that is why we show others.
i have placed questions on the basis of a private consolidated version and i have already found misleading errors in translation.
this was a step taken by the majority of the political groups in this parliament, and i hope that we will adopt the regulation tomorrow at second reading and give european construction a political impetus to the european project.
however, i regret to say that this support in the final version of the report was not as clear as that was decided by the way in which the decision was taken.
in the meantime, however, action is needed to increase the number of people involved.
we have to accept that the country of a country traditions and specific historical circumstances reflect the death penalty in the dignity of the people.
we must find a way to prevent this.
we have to make sure that work is completed rapidly.
it is also important that modern methods of qualitative management be applied in a broad way.
in addition to this, however, we should not lose sight of the future prospects of decoupl@@ ing.
in order to stop them, member states must enforce their criminal law using appropriate prohibitions and ensure that they are classified as a crime.
in our opinion, the wise sense of wise men did not clearly exist.
there is also a magic picture of the impact of the introduction on certain categories and categories of textiles and for the introduction and the employment in different areas of the european textile industry.
sk madam president, yesterday, we are celebrating the end of the second week and we are celebrating today.
what is at stake is the current state of affairs.
by taking up the various players in the field of external relations, we can make sure that we are clear and coherent and coherent with a single set of political objectives.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen,
there are many good proposals in this report, which have all been adopted.
it is also difficult to determine the cost of the effort.
2009 will also be a year for a year after the 20th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall, which is a very good opportunity to commemorate the freedom and reunification of europe.
this report is a step in the right direction.
this is being asked by the american society and by our parliament, which i hope will adopt this resolution.
i should like to have a debate where all the chairmen of the group chairmen have here and say and say: yes, we support this programme, we are grateful to the rapporteurs, who have done the job.
these uncertainties find themselves in the document on immigration and asylum.
the only way to prevent this is to reduce the drastic reduction of living animals permitted in live animals.
at the moment there are political prisoners in the eu.
that is why, mr president, we have asked for this vote to be taken and in a dialogue with the recently elected members of the romanian parliament, in order to restore a process of credibility which would make it possible for it to be automatic and to go straight away.
we therefore need to make progress in the construction of a european union which can respond quickly and effectively to the disasters that occur almost every summer.
we must be able to solve the fact that this is a luxury of a luxury and concrete measures to be adopted in this sector.
this is also a special task for the european union.
in article 7 of his introduction, the rapporteur had the good idea and the courage to introduce a list of 10 % of the total number of seats of the european parliament.
the debate is closed.
mr president, we have agreed this afternoon to organise the vote in such a way that it is clear who is responsible for and who is against it.
we therefore need to ensure that we are concerned.
i should mention the intensive efforts we have made between the commission, the ombudsman and the committee on petitions.
it is my intention to present a communication from the commission with the proposal to declare 2004 to the european year of sport.
the debate is closed.
it is therefore a question of whether we want to proceed in this way.
this is the amendment in our amendment.
that is a great burden for the national effort.
the problem of export refunds and the difficulties associated with the markets in third countries have had a negative impact on the profitability of the entire european union.
most of my colleagues have exceeded their speaking time by 50 seconds allowed to come to an end, mr president.
in the second case the role of the commission is to take a step either through a recommendation or in support or by seeking to recognise the representatives of the member state concerned.
whether one amendment or not, the basis of the decision.
that is why i am calling on our greek friends, to join with the government in trying to resolve the problem and to try to find a solution to the problem and to take the approach to the implementation of the border.
firstly, we must strengthen our relations with the allies we want to fight against the united states.
parts of the proposal have been awaiting a long time.
we are suffering in a short manner.
i welcome the emphasis placed on a sustainable use of resources that has been put in place to promote a desire to develop sustainable jobs, as well as to promote the quality of life in the eu.
i very much welcome mr corbet@@ t's report on the enlargement of the european union and its implications for cooperation in the field of justice and home affairs.
this is the solution that the commission wishes to constitution.
if europol has new powers - we need a commissioner who is responsible for europol.
i am very concerned that the language in this treaty - as mrs müller has said - is so unclear that it is not really clear what it means.
we all know that the fight against terrorism is only to win the cooperation on the border.
it will only be possible to be in the future to be able to provide a sufficient information and a judgment in the future if the public is sufficiently informed and can be a judgment.
please take the floor.
it is in various ways that we must investigate if we want to understand how people are to understand how to respond to different types of different sex and from different situations.
a number of accusations are being made and especially when they are spoken by governments who should first put their own house in order.
in my country, belgium, we have a debate on local voting rights for migrants who have been in our country for years now.
the planned reform of the eu's agricultural policy must therefore be a clear one.
finally, i would like to say that if we continue to pursue the excellent work done by our rapporteur, mrs reding, we will continue to demonstrate that parliament will have good faith in the interests of the manufacturer and i would mention it and the consumer in europe.
the cost of exports and imports and the contamination of roads are increasing.
that is why i would like to highlight one aspect of mr swobo@@ da@@ ' s report and that is the need to carry out a comprehensive communication strategy aimed at improving the general public about the purpose of enlargement, but also about their possible future disadvantages.
we know how sparsely the ice is the civilisation of civilisation but we are not even able to tell our citizens the real motives of european agreement because we are talking about them.
it is more than 10% of the population.
but we now call on the commission to supplement the annex to the directive that it will only be able to supplement the implementation of the directive by 2002 that it will only be able to be qualified and quali@@ fied.
measures to reduce the amount of work can be achieved.
i understand that the procedure will also be more or less the same in the new system.
in particular, i agree with the paragraph in mr kar@@ as' report, which proposes self-regulation as a replacement for the introduction of new legislation.
there seems to be a little unnecessary to go, because we need political action to be taken in johannesburg.
that would not promote research but would help them in the eu.
the people of whom were the ones who were in charge.
these quotas can be dealt with in the case of the day, which allows for the reduction of their emissions to be used in the corridors by which they need it.
if people adhere to basic rules of hygiene and to apply to their personal hygiene or to provide sufficient support for their food, this will be enough to protect them from the outset.
i ask you to follow suit.
this motion for a resolution is therefore fully supported by my full support.
it is not the use of the eu to deal with the problem but the fact that the substance of the substance is still in old textiles such as the one in the case of textiles or and in which there is the environment.
workers and businesses are moving in the european labour market.
now that we are in this process, we are also faced with the complicated challenges that the house will give its opinion.
this is particularly true for british churches and many of whom have been in vain.
imports from china and russia
by attempting to respond to the harmful effects of its actions on the environment, by italy by attempting to promote the harmful effects of its action on the environment, it is, above all, itself, but the people who live in the age of the disputed plant.
in germany, as mrs merkel from brussels, she feels that she would like the greeks to give a real help to the greeks as it is, if we are ready to provide real aid.
these are important practical steps which i hope will receive broad support.
mrs müller has referred to this.
we must take seriously the other players in the european union's foreign policy and, in particular, at a time of global change in the arab world.
it is telling that it is germany, which has control and its entitlement to control.
in my opinion, it would be a question of making it easier for transport companies that have been hit hard by the financial crisis.
as far as access to the occupation of the matter is concerned, the aspects of the implementation of legislation are of fundamental importance.
the withdrawal of the united states and its allies from iraq, the peaceful settlement of the european union and its allies from iraq, is a peaceful solution.
we are opposed to this because it must be made clear what we need to be clear from the outset.
prime minister, you will stay in particular on this issue.
i am not going to repeat what he said.
there is a case for the benefit of the use of equipment.
in april this year, the united nations has clearly shown the case of some prisoners in the intention of setting an example for others, because it is simply a matter of the general treatment of people in prison prisons.
however, some of the points now seem to us, but we really need a common foreign and security policy.
an overwhelming majority of our parliament voted in favour of the report, which recognises that there is an urgent need for a policy to secure energy security.
today it is more than ever more than ever for more europe, for a better europe, for a better europe, for a more enlarged europe, with more european expectations and effectiveness.
we want to help ukraine to be closer to us.
in germany they are 2, 2 million.
there are still too many opportunities in agriculture and industry.
the commission defines the common organisation of the european union every year in relation to new and the definition must be sufficiently flexible to respond to a response.
it is not a case or a reason for further damage to this important economic sector.
on behalf of the alde group. - lt mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the war in darfur has been very little hope that human rights will be respected in the countries of the eu.
under heading research, there is no other legal basis for the treaty that could be used by the commission for proposals which could be used for the proposals which the commission could be used to propose.
however, the commission is trying to identify all the options available to us to close any loopholes in good time for the conciliation in november.
discussions on this issue in parliament and i would like to mention it in the european parliament in the context of discussions on this issue in parliament.
according to statistics, the european union is not afraid of the need for information when it comes to making it possible for them either to restrict their food or to their health.
a european parliament document already exists on this subject, which is expected from the future talks on the mutual protection of foreign investment.
i am interested in what has been done in the border regions to deal with the large extent of prostitution there is going to be completed there.
mr president, i welcome the opportunity to debate this report on a situation which is of great importance to all our countries.
there are concerns about the tasks of europol, which is responsible for dealing with these matters.
we have also focused all our attention on the issue of cofinancing agricultural aid and many other questions that we could have rules and which have unfortunately been incorporated into the background.
we are also calling for the repatriation of the shareholders and we also expect that his family is to be commen@@ ded.
finally, i would like to remind the house that development aid is not only compatible with free trade, but that this - unless we understand it - is necessary to use this development aid - not only does it mean that it should be carried out.
mr president, commissioner, i would like to use the brief speaking time to highlight the fact that the commission itself states that smes are not as good as the large companies of the euro.
producers must be able to reach a referendum by 2020.
a european constituency would be extremely useful to guarantee what they call the european union and that is to say that the citizens of the european union can quite simply perceive themselves as citizens who are more than national representatives.
all the more careful we have to deal with the money, particularly in view of the people of the crisis.
secondly, there is also a need for the elections to be able to take part in the elections, which were afraid of torture and death in the aftermath of bangladesh or india.
i think this report is lacking.
i am sure that in many countries the programme will give rise to the opportunity to understand each other better and to understand each other in a better understanding and to learn the tolerance among young people.
separation of water in a water which we can see@@ k, should not be possible and we use it as tools to use our rubbish and water we will not be able to stay in the long term.
in this respect, the monitoring centre has still significantly improved its work.
as someone who focuses on a rural and rural areas, i welcome this initiative.
at present, we are pointing the finger at germany, but perhaps it will soon be our own member state of our own member state.
mr president, the russian prime minister has already announced that russia will only lift the ban when the european union is known about the source.
secondly, the list is still adequate in spite of this deletion for the submission of an effort.
finally, i think it is extremely important to send the commission to a signal that they must maintain a high degree of flexibility and responsibility, but must also ensure consistency and monitoring in order to avoid duplication and to avoid repeating the same points of view.
opponents.
new ways of using this instrument should be developed for countries where the work of ngos is illegal.
i would like to point out that the commission would not want to be a step in the direction of which the commission would like to.
it seems to me that it is not enough to fight child pornography in general, including the protection of children, and all adults as a result of which has been emphasised, as has already been pointed out, and with the pleasure and money which is the most important and every one of our responsibilities.
it only mentions the concepts of those who wish to be brought into closer and more and without their content.
for this reason, as our rapporteur has said, it is essential to develop independent official controls and to strengthen the ownership of entrepreneurs in the industry.
i welcome the decision to include greece in the circle of countries with the single currency.
in the light of the current situation in particular, i am thinking of the economic crisis and demographic factors in europe.
this added value should not only benefit those companies in which they have created it, but the whole question of the whole of the whole range of advantages such as the one.
accordingly, at the moment, we are disappointed and almost without hope that this does not mean that we will not be able to agree on the chance.
i am not opposed to any of them.
it brought the boat to the attention and to the people of europe.
as far as i am aware, no treaty has yet been signed even though we are today writing 17 december and i have drawn up all the services of the commission at the beginning of this year.
that has nothing to do with the other than to do with the other.
it is because there is an absolute innovative nature in terms of both and in the event.
i have a great deal of experience in this area and can be proud of the fact that when i chaired the government of my country, it was about 50 women who were guided by the highest rates and as a director of the most important stages.
we reacted immediately and with concrete proposals.
finally, i would like to ask the commissioner this: on 1 february, you said that special competition rules should be created.
in this parliament, these incidents must not be repeated.
it is now a question of the germans who are more than what we are dealing with today.
the commission has a political responsibility to do so here, and in particular she does not want to make it really possible to do so.
the chairman of the committee on fisheries has put forward a proposal that will guarantee more money for the investigation into the effects of the measures already in force.
we cannot really present such a proposal to the public.
i also believe that the aspect relating to the commissioner for fisheries, with everything that happens within parliament, is crucial to ensuring that the problem is resolved, and that this report will become an important future for the future.
pl i would like to thank my fellow members for having drafted this resolution and that the european parliament has adopted them.
all this requires and greater efforts not only from the member states but also by the union as a whole.
it was for this reason that the commission felt it better to wait for ratification of the constitutional treaty before taking further steps.
i hope that we will soon have this principle to be extended to include a glass and referendum, as well as others, and that we will be able to do this before european products are completely removed from our market under pressure.
already we are now talking about direct eur 2 million direct eur 2 million to be aware of the enormous risks associated with which the rapporteur has rightly described.
the debate is closed.
the desire to strike a counterweight to american domination in the area is understandable and reinforced.
if the internal market is to function efficiently and to ensure that there is uniform conditions for all community regions, the completion of the trans-european transport networks must be one of the priority objectives of the eu member state governments.
all this has led to the attention of foreign investors.
mr president, you would ask the presidency to tell me some of the comments you have made to say and to translation the translation.
this is a true guarantee of both the owners and customers and i call on the commission to extend the card to other professions because we will be able to improve mutual recognition and restore citizens' trust.
thank you very much.
the introduction of article 61 takes place in article 6@@ 2, which states that we are obliged to ensure uniform application of the legal framework.
the introduction of the euro will not be a member of the nation states to democratic european institutions, which would be a positive thing but rather the peoples simply of their sovereignty.
of course, i would say that mr radwan@@ 's budgetary procedure is not satisfactory, because if we agree on a situation there are very few things we are all talking about, both parliament and the council.
this report and the agreement that it rati@@ fies are a symbol of the european union for the european union to be ratified.
it is only in the case that it currently condemns the member states to provide a declaration of national security and a declaration that is much more than the situation in syria.
i spent the last few days in the republic of the 1960@@ s, and events on a daily basis.
this is why the commission also supports the member states.
this is completely contrary to the principles of the internal market, which makes it indirectly possible.
i am not sure that i am not against any opponents of european conciliation and cooperation, but i am also in a very good position to be in a very good position to respond to this type of effort.
i believe, mr president, that the news of some of the spanish mass media reports that a very senior official from the directorate-general for agriculture was held in the committee on agriculture, mr byrne, was the cause of concern to his office in the committee on agriculture.
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 372 of the rules of procedure.
the recent introduction of the implementation of the european union has very well done in this area.
it is simply that any more amendments could be put in place to ensure that any more chance of debate might be taken in the course of a debate.
however, i must point out that it is in line with the principle of the introduction of the sanctions against violations of the spiritual and balance between the seriousness of the actions and the sanctions.
we therefore believe that a positive list should be maintained in this form.
it is necessary to grant workers access to this fund in the netherlands, who have been able to accept access to this fund.
the proposed directive would create too many member states with already effective national measures to force them because they would have been working with the directive.
this attitude leads us to doubt that the european parliament really wants to cooperate with the un institutions and with the un in the spirit of the un.
it is a case that in the long term there can be medical resistance.
this trend is a crucial trend for europe as a whole.
the cuban government must take care of the cuban people.
furthermore, we believe that the status of every person in the person is international law and that no one should be detained at random@@ .
the main objective of the programmes for cross-border cooperation is to promote the development of a common socio-economic environment for people, communities and economies, including providing technical assistance.
however, it will also be necessary to maintain the national level of programmes so far in order to ensure continuity of european fication.
the council welcomes the fact that in the case of the italian and polish authorities, the italian and polish authorities have cooperated in order to make the aforementioned adjustments.
we know, ladies and gentlemen, that the great support for this sector is taking place in our direct assistance to this sector.
the comment goes on to say that the rejection of the eu and turkey was only mentioned by 6 % of those who voted against.
i would like to draw the conservatives to draw attention to the fact that principles should apply to all.
it is also a strategic necessity and it is therefore the first time that you have to implement the necessary initiatives.
i am in agreement with the commissioner on the commission communication and it is indeed more than anyone who had thought six months ago.
this right can be exercised by a petition to the european parliament, and it is a right that is enshrined as a fundamental right in the treaty.
i would also like to congratulate the commission on its efforts in this area, and i hope that it will retain both the final framework decision on minimum standards for the introduction of a level playing field.
the european parliament has voted in favour of many amendments at first reading, and we have clearly changed, particularly in the areas of strengthening the urban dimension, strengthening the protection of the environment and the establishment and treatment of people with disabilities, which is essentially reflected in the report.
many of the amendments tabled by parliament at first reading have been added to the new text and to offer a clear improvement.
es first of all i would like to thank the rapporteur for her thorough and thorough work.
are there any comments?
as mrs lulling pointed out, the interests of many times and this was demonstrated by our meetings, particularly with the representatives of the european associations and national organisations.
i firmly believe that we will find a rapprochement with the usa, because we want to avoid confrontation between the usa and europe.
i think that it should be at least 10%.
europe's most important motive is sustainable development.
it is important that this summit should bring about concrete results in order to relaunch the relaunch of dialogue with president bush.
we appreciate this very much and we believe that this approach will strengthen parliament in further work towards the council of ministers.
could we have a split vote on recital e .
de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to mention a turning point within this directive as a journalist within this directive.
the workers in the new member states have the same legitimate right to social rights and codecision as we do.
at a later date, the process is highly focused on national law and on the basis of it.
but, on the other hand, the long-term conservation of european production should not be sacrificed in the short term.
no provision has been made to the arctic region.
in particular, in greece there would be no need for a community law to complement the provisions of community law.
i would ask you to note that people are afraid of being able to kill kill@@ ing.
you say: more and more of a better democracy.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, last wednesday we had here in strasbourg for the first time the opportunity to engage with representatives of the various parties in the elected representatives of bosnia and herzegovina within the framework of our delegation for the first time.
the work of the committee on women's rights and gender equality has been taken seriously and is reflected in the report again.
on behalf of the verts/ale group. - madam president, first of all i would like to address mr brok today.
in my experience i have gathered here since the 1994 insistence that member states have been insisting on a uniform level and agreement on a uniform basis.
in cooperation with the presidency, the high representative will present a summary of the first guidelines before the european council.
relations with turkey must also be seen in an enlarged context.
i hope that you can respond to that in your reply.
the next item is the recommendation for second reading on behalf of the committee on the environment, public health and consumer policy, on the common position of the council on the adoption of the regulation of the european parliament and of the council for the monitoring of forests and community planning.
i must not, of course, forget that it is not forgotten – because my amendments have not been accepted – that it is also part of agriculture and that that is why rural areas are being put in place and that this is very vulnerable in rural areas.
member of the commission.
do you not think that the future can only be guaranteed for peace and freedom if all the states are equally prepared to bear in mind that they are equally willing to bear in mind and not to have one of the burdens imposed on the burden and on the other burden alone.
they need to be able to establish between products justified by the compromise achieved by a certain degree of degree but, unfortunately, it is not possible to raise a question of consumer policy.
and it is now up to your responsibility and the commission to make it clear that this is wrong and that the situation should not be allowed to see.
the european council has shown that it understands the consequences of the battle that we expect in the future.
at the same time, the report states that the member states are entitled to decide for themselves or against nuclear energy and reaffirms that decision must be respected.
that means, of course, also - and this shows the afghan history shows that we must do so with our own government in respect of its own decisions and that we do not have the details.
let me give you the first example of where the situation in terms of the efforts made by the member states and the and dangerous negative impact on growth in various regions, especially on the islands.
for our part, there is no obligation on this occasion.
pl the berlin declaration was signed at a very important time for the european union.
solidarity with a policy of compensation for compensation is needed, together with a also based on solidarity.
the amendment of the existing joint efforts to impose biometric targets is first and foremost, provided that the standards applicable to the organisation of the vis and the standards in force are still to be maintained.
my colleagues will discuss the details in more detail.
it only makes sense for us to do so in brussels.
i am disappointed with the treatment of the outermost regions and, in particular, of madeira and the canary islands.
i congratulate the rapporteur and take note of the fact that the directive proposes a whole series of instruments aimed at achieving these objectives, namely the possibility of reversing the burden of proof under certain circumstances between professional use and the exception of certain contracts, especially those relating to financial services, and so on.
i believe that this effort should focus on two points.
we need to strike the right balance between our ambition and reality.
it is beginning to start and to take action.
anyone who has such a situation in itself follows the justification for a european response.
yesterday, the prime minister took action to reduce the deficit.
we are asking questions to which the citizens today feel an integral part of a reality of the eu institutions which are becoming more and more complex.
first of all, this motion is not a request from the group of the european people's rapporteur.
in order to be able to address all this, of course, a number of different ways and standards, but also financial incentives.
however, i would like to make a serious comment on the following proposal concerning the negotiations on the framework agreement between parliament and the commission.
there is a communist government in the autonomous community.
our group is solidarity.
i think that the commission has supported parliament to a certain point, but at the last moment the role played by the role and us in favour of the council is to win the council’s position.
what we are talking about is common interest in ensuring an alternative.
the difficulties encountered in a programme of this kind are such that the collection of data, such as the collection of data, which are different from state to state, is even unable to supply certain data.
madam president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are talking about the disruption of air traffic disrup@@ tions and their economic impact.
the issue here is that the european union must adhere to its own rules.
i propose three elements for this.
on behalf of my group, i welcome this progress.
mr president, i think that we should move away from a position of confidence.
what are we doing in order to achieve them.
it follows a strategy on trade and development and should also support some of the compromises proposed by the rapporteur.
it is a step in that direction and a network is developed at the pace of the member states which belong to it.
but only a major crisis or a huge historical compromise can do that.
it has been reported in the regions that have been reported to be a little in this area.
people have died and are continuing to threaten health consequences.
at the same time, the european union has decided to step up the targeted measures against the implementation regime, provided it does not fulfil the conditions in burma so that we do not agree with its policy.
the debate is closed.
the old people of europe and those who were before our continent were able to join the family and are back in the europe of the family.
this will lead to inequalities.
new resources and the increase in purchasing power of pensioners should be sought in the collection of contributions to the same extent as on income.
question no 40 by mr dell'alba,
in addition to this broad support of the report, i would just like to make one comment on the signing of the agreement, at last, peace in the balkans, but not a blow to all the problems in the former yugoslavia and the region.
all those who share this concern i should like to make it clear that this is the first reading of the first reading which shows that we have political priorities and that we have a certain amount of pressure on the council.
no, it is clear to us that it is meant that the council is referring to this.
i would like to ask the commission what it intends to do about this.
it is not consistent.
security will only negotiate and i would appeal to all those involved to begin negotiations as soon as possible.
if there is a european strategy in this area, it would make a more comprehensive approach and a response to it in terms of treatment and the opportunity to make the european public more sensitive and sensitive in terms of treatment and in the case of sensitive people.
i firmly believe that the free movement of workers is one of the most important aspects of economic growth in the european union, and i mean the creation of jobs.
ensure that the commission is doing this in its task.
of course i welcome the mobilisation of the european union to help the victims of this tragedy, the madeira as a result of corruption.
we are confident that this report will be adopted in plenary and that, if we do not make improvements, we do not at least make any effort.
in the name of the fight against terrorism and organised crime, the further development of the political system of efforts to take reactions and repressive and repressive measures against immigrants.
the directive is now on the table.
we are starting to defend a new era in which we must not therefore defend the competences of the commission, since we, the parliament, not part of it.
it was and remains an effort of all institutions, including this parliament and all the member states.
let us not forget, however, that the citizens of the countries who are signatory to the schengen agreements, thanks to the schengen agreements, have only really been able to have understood the freedom of movement of schengen, in a treaty that is just on paper but the spirit of schengen.
the retention of it is the best possible compromise for the whole of the french member states.
it is worth mentioning that in burma there is considerable european investment in particular in the direction and in the case of the f@@ ta.
i do not think so.
we fully support the report's call for an increase in the number of management of the euro.
it is quite clear that the principle of subsidiarity must always be applied and applied not only between the union and the member states, but up to the regions and local ones.
but it is also important to bear in mind that this position of the rapporteur is not purely and simply to accept the status quo in the future.
it is an important point that the asean pipeline could be built through countries of the european union.
the relevant people are of the opinion that they want to take on holiday that want to make a start on the subject of a referendum.
in writing. - studies on the part of the commission show that one of three eu citizens were in favour of one of three eu citizens, but only 7%.
on the basis of the proposed regulation on the environment, public health and consumer and the amendments adopted at first reading the council largely accepted the amendments we have tabled.
everyone will agree with me when i speak of an outstanding project, which i must admit to what i have to say.
both are of crucial importance.
of course we support such a move.
the use of embryonic stem cells contradicts the imposition of embryonic stem cells with regard to the use of those stem cells.
on the one hand, we have a political and moral obligation to comply with the treaty by establishing new members.
it is quite acceptable that one of these countries might even be able to make use of this opportunity.
this gap is very great, and so mrs merkel has mentioned a competitiveness pact.
what is really going to be achieved, is that all the different options are combin@@ ed.
i am the rapporteur of parliament for the 1996 and on the broad economic guidelines.
is there a case here and there is currently enormous difficulties because no measures can be introduced by the commission, so that the procedure can be introduced only if it is applied in the short term and effici@@ ent?
there is also a need for harmonised at eu level.
the events of recent months, which have led to the european parliament discharge for the 1996 financial year have shown clearly that there is a lack of care in management and monitoring of certain community initiatives and in general care.
i have already pointed out several times that i am in favour of europe, born a year and a year after having joined parliament elected to parliament.
are there any comments?
in my opinion, projects which could possibly provide additional funding for such measures are best ensured that we can work with a truly democratic government in belarus.
some time ago, we received a report from the commission on delays in the technical progress of the sis ii action and timetables in the light of the latest information and honest@@ y.
these people are not in europe and they are desperately needed in their country of origin, despite the fact that they often have an essential contribution to the financing of their training.
the european union is and will remain a force which will solve the problems ... of course, cooperation with all its global partners, a force which will continue to respond to a serious debate on climate change.
the choice is to do this.
codification is all the more important in this case, as it is a matter of particular cross-border nature.
over the last 150 years, they have been systematically incarcer@@ ated by competition with a great deal of effort.
in general, and in violation of intellectual property in general, increasing numbers of intellectual property are now increasing and represent a serious threat to states and economies.
his appearance in the world was the european union's position against racism and xenophobia.
the european union confirmed its constructive stance in the wake of the united nations security council on 27 occasions, so it is just a month ago during the debate of the united nations security council.
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 1085 of the rules of procedure.
the commission has announced that it would produce a new proposal for the gradual and controlled liberalisation of the postal services by the end of 1998.
this concerns market access for medicines, but also the special and differential treatment of the reform and other issues.
in the regular reports of this year, the commission has re@@ examined the letter of the law and investigated how democracy works in practice.
i will start with the proposal to extend the premiums for calculating the average period of 48 hours.
what let us be done.
i believe that the issue is somewhat distorted here.
however, it gives a regular overview of the concerns and actions of the citizens of the european union, partners in civil society and governments, and in third countries, a regular overview of the eu's concerns, priorities and actions.
this is a problem that needs to be tackled as well as the question of the role and responsibility of the european central bank.
we have a problem with this in mind and more effective action needs to be taken.
if you were trying to get the answer from the minister in five lines, it would not be possible to do so because it has been referred to all of the issues that it is not on the table.
it will also refer to the introduction of criteria for food security as regards the issue of free nature of prisoners of free nature and which cannot be suitable for human consumption.
it is the only way to survive that it is to be denied that it is the only way for the survival of these people to survive.
i believe that the effect that the use of one would actually be involved in the area of the introduction of a rather unnecessary area should be included.
i now come to the proposals in the right direction.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this report deals with the european mediterranean policy and power very clearly in the long term, in the long term, foreign policy in all community sectors.
the council did not take any view, nor should it be, because we have to leave it to the convention to prepare all these things.
that is what this parliament and the commission want.
the mood was very good, as is the discussions in the political groups.
it was proposed at the end of the day.
this is unacceptable.
honourable members, i am sure that you will monitor the implementation of this effort.
democracy means transparency, public opinion, and
that is why we are better able to shape this world and, above all, that, in this historic week – who would have thought a common europe?
much has been said.
if the floor is already like the floor, i am very pleased with the studies that have been made on behalf of this parliament and that there are no legal obstacles to the accession of the czech republic.
as a result of the fraud suffered by the spanish authorities, it was returned to the tune of 100 000 hectares in 2001 in the 2001 financial year and in accordance with the amount of eur 100 million.
the criteria are so keen that it is in reality the many users of the system to define the borders and the many users of the 125 000 who are involved in the central database in strasbourg.
we are also working on a rapid adoption of the introduction of the introduction to the protection of a decentralised and for effort.
others, especially from the point of view, are critical of the legislation because they cause considerable problems.
but let me also say one thing about the fact that particularly in recent times, i have become aware of the problems that have been well known in the eu and in particular for me.
i think it is totally unacceptable - and i was also in cancún - that we should try to find ways rather than talking about the demonstrators in the place of negotiation.
the fact that this assessment is of high scientific quality is not only necessary in the interests of patients, but also in the interests of the eu.
this is a sector of great importance.
it is a good and balanced resolution, which has the merit of the positive and positive aspects of the elections in saudi arabia and the ongoing reform process.
the economic and financial crisis has also hit global trade.
the directive also states that women should take full account of their full salary and give a clear sign of the current situation.
in a policy of state aid, it makes the approval of subsidies dependent on the adoption of a reduction in the main points of the further reduction in the number of jobs.
after the treatment of the committee on petitions, the council has adopted a new approach.
if you look at transport policy it is essential that these in the european union will be able to make economically and attractive to the other states.
i would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur for her commitment and hope that we will be able to achieve all the objectives contained in the europe 2020 strategy.
the council only wants to take small steps.
the key principles behind our proposals for the new social fund are simplification and flexibility.
i should like to follow up a group of the european union at the request of the european parliament.
my second question concerns the united nations.
i would also like to pay tribute to the courage and to those who are currently trying to get to grips with the consequences of the terrible efforts of the terrible and forceful efforts and those who seek to control the consequences of the nuclear industry.
the companies involved are carrying large quantities of resources, but they are not the market.
that is why the european commission will continue to monitor very closely the situation and political developments continue to follow the situation very closely.
in writing. - small businesses are the backbone of the european economy, they represent around 9@@ 8% of all european businesses and employ up to 60% of all eu workers.
and the advocates of an ethnic viewpoint from the nation i would like to refer to the words of de@@ vo@@ tion is the dear to the other countries.
in short, the fleet covers short 70@@ s and the introduction of 2.5 kilometres for a long time in the mediterranean and 2.5 kilometres for a long time.
we are talking here about the safety of those who are currently in the world at the moment and only 10 in the world today.
it may not be possible to speed up the speed at the end.
the concept of human rights underlines the participation of women, the importance of investing in health and education, as well as comprehensive services to protect reproductive health for all concerned.
i have been se@@ ed.
by way of the way, it would be possible to make a mockery of the situation in which we have suffered from the somali russian federation, a few years ago against the chechen presidency.
in accordance with regulation ec no auspices in the eu member states for short-term transposition of visa requirements in the member states of the european union for short-term visas.
in my view, the content of amendment no 9 is discrimination on the basis of the disease.
paragraph 5 line 4 in the case of the introduction of the imposition of a penalty must be avoided.
i am sure that environmental issues will be much more attentive and that is also necessary after the period of the soviet union.
a country to use the physical punishment as an effective way to prevent crime is being considered as an effective way of preventing crime and the eu should not make such a country.
from this point of view, we must analyse both the practical and the guidelines which the european central bank has drawn up in 2003.
this increase in the level of the execution is practically utilis@@ ed, and it will also remain within the framework of the cap.
we should therefore support the measures to improve energy policy due to its crucial importance for the quality of our life, both now and for future generations.
the general affairs council is in particular with the preparation of a meeting for the meeting on 21 march, which will provide the most important information on the work carried out in the various endeavours.
unfortunately, it has been noted that not all eu member states have managed to transpose it into national law by the end of 2009.
mr president, i had the privilege of my own country.
in the last session of the european parliament in the last session of the internet, parliament is to support the dangers of minors and the creation of the european union with which it should be supported.
a massive scale.
my group is rather worried about how to threaten this text, which is important to us.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, it is a decision by the committee on economic and monetary affairs that you intend to support the committee on economic and monetary affairs and to support this proposal.
the political agreement on the common position includes most of the amendments tabled by parliament on the text of the proposal.
this is a case when it comes to the responsibility of the commission as a cataly@@ st, and even more so, if names are mentioned and arbitrarily made.
the time has come for us to help now.
so we need a solid framework and we must really agree on our procedures and policy.
given the complexity and scope of the external relations of the eu, the scope of dialogue and consultations with third countries could be applied to human rights issues or to the second place.
i understand that there are concerns.
we have already heard from the start that the last decade was the introduction of one of the 10 years since the start of the 1980s, and the year 2007.
mr president, last night during the press conference, i really did agree with mr rehn when i saw how he was going to present those who were really not just about his proposals.
you all know that we in our countries have the right to information about europe and the european institutions.
however, it is a negative effect on the principle of cofinancing that the cap should be called into question and, in particular, the farmers of the less developed regions.
we point out that there is a need to propose such measures unless they are based on the studies that have been mentioned at the same time giving our concerns and our opposition to the further strengthening of the role of the commission.
there is also a risk not for those who have spoken in the campaign for the last irish referendum campaign.
mr president, we have already had a full agenda today.
mr president, commissioner, with pleasure and great interest i have been able to read your attention over the last few weeks.
the sitting was opened at 9.00 a.m.
i am sorry to see whether i can provide information about the total cost of providing information about the cost.
the role played by the public services and local policies in the area is still in place.
the main reason for this is the growing dependence of the european union's energy sector.
thirdly, there is talk about whether schengen is now the first or the third pillar.
the cooperation proposed by you in the new framework with the acp and the acp is important and is a complement to us.
i think it can be said that our own expectations have also been made.
we are trying to do it.
i would like to thank you as a doctor for the respect you have given to our profession.
three weeks after this floo@@ d, the whole world of the situation is deliberately becoming aware of the situation of thousands of people and the lives of thousands of people who are dying in a referendum, and they will die if we do not get to grips with them in order to get out of the situation in which they find themselves.
they were a prisoner for democracy in europe, the new border of democracy in europe, a democracy, which was difficult at the time, because it was in italy, greece, poland, hungary and germany.
this new responsibility affects all of us whether we are members of parliament or of the commission.
we can achieve 3% economic growth.
however, it also contains a problematic support for those who have spoken against my group so that it would be very difficult to vote in favour of the report.
the measure of tariffs on tariffs is the cost of an efficient and structural effort and this type of agreement which we as a parliament have developed for cross-border and enforced is also a matter for the eu.
let us be honest, ladies and gentlemen, who is looking for new substances to be able to get to grips with new substances.
i have not seen such a short-sighted and complicated proposal.
today, as our regulatory instruments are already today, we still have the reform of this open approach to the framework of the directive, which will allow us to speed up the markets in competition with a view to the general rules of competition.
should we not, therefore, concentrate on a programme in order to monitor turkey on the path to a democratic constitutional state and to continue to do so.
the assertion of the european union that it wants to establish equitable and binding rules for the functioning of the markets and the achievement of profits will prove to be a mere step in the opposite direction.
it is one of the opportunities for the whole world.
in practice, the civilian population is mainly affected by anti-personnel mines.
only a genuine internal market will improve our chances of growth and jobs.
this task cannot be resolved within the narrow framework of the existing nation states.
mr president, there are various aspects of the process of enlargement of the european union, which is also on the agenda.
these shortcomings need to be remedi@@ ed.
but there are very many reports that this house will be presented with a large number of amendments.
there are also tolerance and mutual respect.
we are dissatisfied with the common position and we are dissatisfied with the common position.
3 000 workers are employed in state forests while the private sector only 120 employees.
i have no knowledge of the other areas in the north sea in the north sea but sometimes more than 50% of catches in the sea because these fish are too small or no longer in any way.
as is rightly pointed out in the report, the dependency of the region from russia must be small and small.
i find that regrettable.
something needs to be done about the reform of mr kinnock@@ : we can see that the aid for the consequences of this once again will only be achieved by the end of the next disaster.
ladies and gentlemen, i apologise to mrs ferrero-wald@@ ner.
secondly, we should fully enforce the internal market in pensions.
mr president, i was courageous because i was courageous and because, despite numerous conflicts of conflict, article 13 on gender equality has been proposed and put forward arguments for that rather than for the others.
for years, the court has been waiting for these deficiencies and, at last, to find its comments.
you will then be 65 and i will be doing so.
secondly, there was a lot of money into the coffers of our finance ministers.
a new opportunity for consumers to enjoy their resistance.
i am also concerned that the abolition of the process could be understood as a reminder of the importance of the type we cannot be allowed to.
this needs to be addressed.
i am voting against those objectives in the final analysis, and i shall vote against it.
it is increasing, it is dangerous, and it is not normal for reason.
secondly, we cannot argue in favour and we are in agreement on this issue.
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
after years in which there was a positive step in the previous regulation, it would be incomprehensible that it would now have been taken up in the programme to take account of the area of industry.
secondly, it is precisely a question of setting up a very specific target for 20 million.
but it also needs to be negotiated on the obligations of the richer countries to help developing countries to support these economic and social costs of the necessary measures.
we are therefore opposed to this european directive and demand that the ports and those who benefit the whole of society are classified as public services.
with this explanation of vote, i repeat the need to take action which will ensure stability and security in the countries of origin.
the action plan proposed by the commission is to ensure the safe use of the internet.
we respect those priorities for the young.
within the limited capacity, she has done a good and good job.
unfortunately, it seems that it has not been so much more so and not just for the sake of the process but also for a moment.
i can also say that not one amendment has been tabled.
we are looking for very active cooperation in the joint parliamentary assembly, and, as mr cohn-bendit, also points out in this regard, our work is becoming an increasingly important one.
however, as a world leader in the area of product safety, we have to prevent these dangerous products - especially in the case of china - of course.
let us combat unnecessary red tape and respect the principle of subsidiarity, but let us not oppose the european institutions precisely because we want to be closer to our citizens.
at the ministerial meeting - the first in the introduction of the second stage in the introduction of a series of courses in which cooperation between the member states can be strengthened.
will he address this issue in the dialogue with the turkish authorities, so that mayors and those who live peaceful coexistence of all living in turkey are once again being used to make peaceful coexistence of all living in turkey.
the success of the reform depends on the commission's efforts to achieve this.
pt i welcome the initiatives and measures taken at european level in order to combat and combat alzheimer's disease.
it is important that the money should be invested in the member states in the countries concerned, because only in such a way that it can be possible to combat hunger and disease.
the danger of the international criminal court is at risk.
this is the case with the idea that if we were to be involved also those involved in the work they do, that is to be done.
mr president, we in the group of the european parliament were pleased to be pleased with the commission's proposal, but even more about the truly ambitious and courageous report by mrs peij@@ s.
i quite frankly understand the commission.
reach will encourage the sector of the sector, because it is the companies that want to bring about the new and more environmentally friendly chemicals on the market, and because it promotes the treatment of the elderly.
the progress that has been made is not aimed at greater willingness to cooperate but to un resolutions and military pressure.
we hope that india and pakistan with the support of the european parliament are more than the one that they themselves and the rest of the world.
if the media are to inform citizens about the work of the eu, they must concentrate on the real activities and should not be constantly in any case or scand@@ als.
it is now up to the fingerprints of the new york to build and have been set up.
i have said in particular because you have set an incredible amount of work to ensure that we arrive at a good agreement on the european external action service.
the adoption of the report was somewhat difficult, because at a point in the committee we were at the beginning of the series of problems we have had.
i voted against.
a great deal too has been said about the report in an environmentally sound way.
we should not be allowed to open the temptation to open up and i congratulate the presidency on this very clearly.
it is at a time when the commission has pledged to present a commitment during the course of the current year for several sectors in the current year and in particular for the introduction of the fruit and vegetables and i expect this to happen.
the next two years will be decisive for this.
it was true that the regime in burma was now first and was prepared and made a few political prisoners over the last time, but that is not enough.
while we condemn all of this - we have been rewarded by the way in which he has been rewarded and how he has been rewarded for the president of presidents.
i would ask the commission and the council to take the press seriously when negotiations with russia.
this part of the resolution is very important, but unfortunately, the conclusions.
thank you for your presence here today for us to take advantage of over cott@@ on, it is a problem for spain and greece.
there are certainly problems, but we can see the possibility of creating a common currency.
the shadow rapporteur deserves our congratulations.
there are a number of changes in the agenda, in addition to those who have been announced on 12 may.
today's vote has taken a great deal.
on research, on the other hand, we have a strong agenda and appropriate initiatives.
as far as the latter area is concerned, community research programmes have laid down in the council in terms of article 7 of the commission's proposal, pursuant to article 7 of the commission.
i am therefore in favour of amendment no 8, which asks for these victims to be given access to the spread of the disease and to prevent them in the event of a pregnan@@ cy.
es mr president, thank you for your speaking on behalf of our institution, which you condem@@ n.
this is the problem and the great challenge.
i said that you were asking you to give you a dozen and you come up with various individuals and reports from a terrorist stud@@ ent, by five.
this is a great step forward, but it is important for them to be fully committed to this directive.
in my view, access to the rural development of the european union is just as important as the one hand to ensure that this basic service is not available in many rural areas.
on the other hand, we also want to adopt specific objectives and measures to be adopted because only in this way we can exert pressure on the member states.
globalisation and changes are social problems.
but the performance of the european union was not accompanied by a great deal of effort, as compared with a great deal of effort.
the group of independents for a europe of nations is very pleased with the quality of the report and the proposed amendments tabled by our colleague, mr corbet@@ t.
in writing. - i abstained on the vote on the appointment of mr radwan@@ , as a member of the court of auditors.
freedom of expression is the foundation of democracy.
however, i would like to emphasise that the life of all its different forms and complex substances must be respected and the strict treatment of the handling and use of such problematic and complex substances.
with regard to accountability i would like to know whether the commission has clearly failed to explain why this authority has not been able to detect the flight of three international terrorists and to stop interfering in colombia before it was published last month.
that is what the treaty requires of us.
mr president, we have once again presented an annual report on the part of the court of auditors' annual report.
our continent will be women and girls as cattle as animals.
this particular enlargement will have a major impact on it.
it must be sorted out who in the european union will have to pay the cost of additional requirements such as tests and inspections here in the member states.
nevertheless, mr president, the proposal by mr callan@@ a to set up plans for small and medium-sized enterprises should be welcomed.
we would not be able to react today if the commission reacted quickly, openly and decisi@@ vely.
this discussion has triggered a dramatic change in the opinion of many people.
the first is the existence and the particularly active nature of the european offices.
it is simply too high for the temptation to put the temptation for our backs.
these countries have just taken up their national identity from the major red tape of the soviet union, so they want their citizens europeans without their national identity or their own democratic institutions.
this is an example of those who cannot make the common values impossible.
applications for such a way as to lead the way in which they are used are being used in the way in which they are treated.
that is why the member states have recognised the high priority that mr piebalgs has made further progress in this area, as well as the recent introduction of energy efficiency or less involved in it.
now we have to admit that it was not all the s@@ ent.
this will not only reduce the dependence of the dur@@ ation, but also a higher number of people who make up these systems.
mr president, commissioner, i am pleased that we have been able to debate a lot of interesting reports in this house over the last few months and also to have been able to adopt in part in the context of the fact that the internal market is also in the transport and in the future.
however, i do not agree with the deletion of the specific line for this young and so on.
this raises the question of the relationship between the european union and the sustainable development of the european union's fundamental principles, such as european solidarity, equal opportunities, sustainable development or human rights.
last month the commissioner de he would like to take the last month and commissioner de he would like to.
i therefore ask you to give you a little bit of what is currently happening in the public and private sectors.
we have to lose sight of the loss of interest in development aid and the execution under which it is supposed to combat it.
it has been possible to completely eliminate them, but to many of them - even if only - in the wording of the transitional arrangements - in the wording of the transitional arrangements - when i mentioned the deadline for transposition of the directive is four years.
however, the content is really a matter of ensuring that this cooperation is based on specific cultural needs in the broader sense of a broader sense of the needs of the cultural and the range of culture.
mr president, i understand your frustr@@ ation.
first of all, i hope that the monterrey council will become even stronger and that the european union will play a strong role in this.
that is why i propose that 15 % be allocated for the 15 %.
mr president, our group has not signed this resolution for several important reasons.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i believe that the council's proposal for a regulation is a response to a situation that is not only in economic terms but also because of the political and institutional response to a real crisis.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in a sea of difficulties, some of the island is in the form of a sea of difficulty.
the debate is closed.
of course we will have new rules, but they will have to lead to the adaptation rules and not the other way round.
in fact, the more they are the ones who are less voting will receive them.
it is often these women who live in poverty and unemployment in the east to be able to exploit the facts of poverty and unemployment in the east.
the position of the usa is, of course, much stronger and has unfair advantages for our transatlantic partners.
a view to the required controls shows that some member states simply do not fulfil their statutory obligations.
the fact that the european parliament is already taking account of the debate today and the final decision on which we hope will be taken will prove that we can make a major and difficult effort in this direction.
the group of the european liberal, democrat and reform party calls for the inclusion of a commission statement on the refusal of the french government to lift the embargo on british beef.
and you are often making our speeches very hard.
15.
it is precisely because of the lack of such a pact that the problem itself is not mentioned by you and you must be strengthened in this direction.
the bureau of the bureau will immediately deal with this, because they are perfectly entitled and this list must be sought and they will have to be sought.
we know that there is a consensus on the issue of concentration on renewable energies, including those in the field of concentration.
frontex is currently facing several problems.
as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy, i note that my committee and the committee on employment and social affairs are in a number of important points in the same direction.
the system of the eu and it is open, non-@@ discriminatory and based on a voluntary basis.
already american companies are already using the first satellite in the space of the region, which is trying to continue.
we should therefore take time to examine the objectives and effects of a may well be examined because of social cohesion, environmental and democratic cohesion, in a may not be subject to restrictions but on the other way round.
nevertheless, the council has given some positive steps in encouraging a greater number of positive responses for two years, which we in the previous question would be in the previous question.
decisions on numerous details need to be made.
we are sometimes quite different from that when it comes to drugs, but in this case it is very hard.
i hope that projects such as this will not lead to more drugs in europe.
we are fortunate to appreciate that a political framework has been achieved in hong kong, which is de facto the condition for the negotiations in geneva that we have achieved something.
in particular, there are deficits in germany.
all of these are small and small tax havens and exceptions which we are obviously allowing and where eu law does not apply.
in fact, we should do everything we can to promote renewable and alternative energy sources.
the focus should instead be on the international stage.
hu mr president, today there is a growing number of challenges.
the possibility of partial or complete suspension of cooperation in the event of serious violations of human rights is no exception to this type of effort.
because pensioners in this country where they were given their pensions and had benefited from this achievement was only an average of six months and so was the best state in this respect.
in the case of fruit and vegetables in connection with fruit and vegetables, it is possible to increase the level of 60 %.
secondly, in view of the fact that the british government is a labour government and i am a member, but at least i am sorry, i feel obliged as chairman of the committee on fisheries or in any other capacity.
we want the european union to have already opened up the networks - and also the cross-border introduction of a single market without national borders, because we want to have effective rail transport.
the suspension of the customs duties of the joint implementation will allow local and azores in the autonomous regions of madeira and the azores and the azores to import a certain amount of premi@@ um.
it is not as a piece of legislation for the mining or the test, given that the future directive on the implementation of the mining sector will also be affected by the safety of the eu.
the heart of europe is now being proposed in the meantime, and the fate of democracy in the european continent.
mr president, commissioner, i would like to start with a short quote from a letter which i recently received from a company with more than 100 officials, a great deal of concern to us in the debate on the agenda.
the state that represents the legal murder of a pillar of its judiciary is much more criminal than those in which it wants to protect society.
the group of the european liberal, democrat and reform party is pleased with the objective assessment of all candidates.
the president cut the speaker off
firstly, there is the legal aspect.
they can only be achieved if we truly believe in god if we are to be able to give expression to god if we were to provide a lesson in the direction that he calls for.
of course, we will continue throughout the negotiations as soon as the time is ripe for implementation in the implementation of the implementation of the test.
that is very important.
i am convinced that most of the citizens would at least think it would be helpful if we were to make a constructive contribution to improvements rather than our anger and stri@@ king.
in particular, greater attention has been paid to territorial cohesion, and also to the urban concerns of the urban issues.
that means an enormous amount of money today and we have boats which can be caught far beyond what is sustainable.
only a strong external pressure on ukraine and active cooperation can help the country to abandon short-term and often personal interests in favour of genuine independence from russia and a rule of law.
that is why the commission is supporting in its decision on the world com@@ .
that is why the commission continues to maintain its firm position in relation to mergers and mer@@ gers.
there is a need for this.
it mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there are a number of points that emerged from the conclusions of the recent european council regarding which we should be able to reach an agreement and which could be described as encouraging the near future.
this speech could be made for the year of intercultural dialogue which we have just begun.
unemployment, as in the report, is our biggest problem and the european central bank cannot be ignored.
in fact, the general condem@@ sentences or - even more - general condem@@ nations - in condemning all europeans seem to be able to be applied to all europeans.
not even the provision of an appropriate financial framework for the third multiannual programme for smes could be decided upon.
what is the position of the united states on the important issue of the kurdish question.
i asked him whether the commission would add that it is not mere words of mere words.
only in this way can we give hope to people who have long been able to have a long time and should have the hope of restoring hope.
quite apart from a few moments by a single market, we would be able to make our efforts more easily accessible and more easily accessible, and so that we can better understand and respond better.
. the action taken by countries and international organisations is always more than words.
we cannot accept this transfer of the power from the institutions elected by the people of the european commission.
mr president, the european union's policy towards belarus is certainly an example of sensible planning.
no, it is not because liberalism has not function@@ ed because of liberalism but because there is still no social market regulation in europe.
this was the intention behind the governments in the union for development aid and the argument that they know their own needs best in the decision-making process.
when the committee on agriculture and rural development of this issue, it also addresses the general problem of discrimination against farmers from the new eu member states.
and we need an assessment of the implementation of three european added value added by the european action plan.
in fact, because competition on the planet earth is precisely this particular area of industrial policy, such as industrial policy, china or brazil and india.
this time is a recommendation to the council, which was deliberately kept very close to the council to repeat the well-known and adopted proposals.
this sector is central to the eu rural areas of the european union.
in writing. - pl mr president, russia's approach to georgia is simply unacceptable.
darfur in darfur and the european union provides the opportunity to show what role it can play outside europe.
further steps must be taken to ensure effective stabil@@ isation.
the member states should have the opportunity to define their own plans and to determine their priorities for the period and to determine themselves.
we are now endeavouring to all our key players in this strategy.
that also means, and i must simply say that all the members who have criticised me last time criticising the fact that i have criticised the chamber not before 12 noon on the chamber.
that is a market issue.
if they are not freed from china will lose credibility.
this consensus has enabled us to maintain a greater vision of the vision and i think it is the great strength of the european parliament.
however, the policy of the state of israel is a separate issue from anti-semitism to the issue.
information and communication technologies ict are among the areas most developed in recent decades and they are represented in all areas of human life.
this is a dramatic situation not only because the natural environment is destroying the natural environment but also because illicit trade is being carried out in the end.
it is important to have such an agency in a position to ensure the smooth operation of the internal market, which effectively affects the daily lives of citizens and the right to be applied in the field of planning.
the british presidency has made a promise to make progress towards opening up efforts to bring about economic change, and to ensure that the skills of individuals can acquire the necessary skills.
we are aware of the problems that the european union has in the area of audiovisual media and certainly will also have problems in the applicant countries.
these funds will not have the feeling that they will be helped by the european union.
access to drinking water and linking public funding for the whole population is a problem of extraordinary significance.
the summer is beginning to be able to start and to grow particularly in the south, and in particular in the south, and in this way.
they are farmers and not the ones who need to be reformed and adapted to cultures and agriculture.
we shall now proceed to the vote.
the commission will, of course, continue to monitor developments on the market and will use the means at its disposal to intervene if it is necessary and useful.
the roll-call vote on friday does not include anything.
i would ask that this be dealt with here, namely whether our policy is right and that it should also be a matter for the russi@@ ans.
i would like to make a final statement if a person based on his religion, his sexual and ethnic origin, etc. is attacked and we shall simply stand idly by in exactly the same conditions that eventually run for the second world war.
we still do not have the courage to recognise that the political leaders of the european union - not only islamic states or some of these countries, but also terrorist organisations such as the extent and their associated movements - have claimed many victims and still demands.
mr president, commissioner, i would also like to say to the president-in-office of the council, but unfortunately he is not here today.
this report makes it clear that it supports the current peace process.
i therefore call on commissioner flynn to present a draft directive and i urge members to support the report and the amendments i have tabled on my behalf.
incidentally, ireland has also failed to implement the directive on part-time work, and now it is compared with the rest of europe on these issues.
however, i would like to point out that we cannot talk about the principles of the european treaties.
this is not the right way to do with the correct behaviour in terms of growth and development.
it is the joint responsibility of the member states and of the member states to support the achievement of the euro, but public opinion must support measures that have nothing to do with any kind of thing in the country concerned.
mr lamy said today that there is a response.
now we have taken the next topic immediately after this decision is the next topic on closer cooperation.
i have already mentioned the reference to poverty, but with regard to the quantity and quality of jobs in europe, we have a situation in which there is a reduction in the number of opportunities in the direction and in the eu and of the eu 2020.
in fact, the starting point is the interest and the desire to change the situation because it makes sense to increase intolerance.
it is therefore urgently necessary to implement the second and the third energy package.
high representative for the common foreign and security policy. - mr president, today i am speaking for the first time in 2009.
from this point of view, there could be a certain amount of concern about the relationship between the representatives of the member states, the trade unions and the f@@ s.
the report was adopted by a large majority in november but the council did not accept it.
the weight that the mobilisation of european exporters for european exporters must not be underestimated.
the words with which the dalai lama has turned to his people and he even threatened with his resig@@ nation.
here we have seen that the use of the structural funds has been used well and makes good use of the structural funds.
these questions have been very frequently asked and i must tell you honestly that your answer could not give further assurances to this parliament.
a war in iraq would destroy a great deal, so all our efforts must be made to contribute to a situation in the region.
nuclear energy knows no national borders or knows the borders of europe.
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009.
i am still proud and i am also proud of this typical german presidency.
the only alternative assessment of the state of the stock was created by the canadian mandate in the mandate of the member of the canadian union.
i have been told that you have been informed by the committee of the chairmen of this decision or@@ ally informed that the decision was taken by the committee of the chairmen of the political groups.
at the time, i must be disappointed at the moment the question of whether these pledges and promises really meant that they were serious or whether it was at the start of a decision that was made easy to reach agreement in the council.
the industry must at last know where it is long enough and the relevant data know that it might be more ready to do so.
two years ago, in the form of ongoing judicial inquiries that are well known, both eu and european countries are well acquainted with the united states.
as a result of the application of the new rules and the introduction of a regulation that is in the regulation.
all this is a step forward.
this is not a case for us.
the leading forces in ukraine must finally tackle the problems together, because it is also totally unacceptable to us with a dispute within the political spectrum of ukraine, and this is totally unacceptable.
it is a question of russia using the application of western solutions in economic terms.
however, we must not think of the mistake and analysis of the mistake of belief that restrictions on access to culture are promoted by national culture.
the new solidarity fund should be and must be a useful tool in the need for a targeted approach.
i am really looking forward to the discussions on tomorrow's discussions and then at the beginning of the real debate.
it must be clarified as the accession of the union to the hague convention so that it becomes easier for member states to ratify the parts of the convention that are not within the competence of the community.
we have constantly seen threats and we have seen that we cannot accept.
this plan is not only against the goal of a european union which seeks to divide the gap between the elected members and the elector@@ ates closer to the electorate and to the electorate in order to achieve convergence on the contrary - but also against article 7.
the british members must be asked whether they want to make their own penal basic principles against this type of effort.
the purpose of the report before us is to reduce the majority of barriers to the introduction of a legal framework in europe, thereby making it possible to establish a legal framework in accordance with legitimate expectations.
the euro as a catalyst will contribute to the creation of new jobs in europe.
unfortunately, the council has not been able to move to the council as a result of the blocking of individual members.
it is a fact that we live in a globalised world where the individual countries are inter@@ linked.
i hope that there will be no further comments by the gue/ngl group.
the second reason is that this measure should be placed on the market for a number of structural surpl@@ uses, including an incentive for the product of the product which is much better and more useful than it would be in the process of seeking to export to third countries.
this study will be possible through this study.
the eu alone does not live in social security.
in order to encourage this general awareness i have tried hard to inform citizens of their rights and to inform all of the positive results achieved in respect of these rights.
that is something i reject.
it is true that such tragedies such as the extent of the upris@@ ings in the efforts of the member states and the more enthusiasm when the authorities of the member states and the commission are using them to carry out their most important responsibilities.
the construction of the pipeline also requires active participation by the member states.
i say quite clearly: i very much regret the fact that the commission has not created the opportunity for market access to finally market access in the united states.
this european union is going to make it easier to amend the treaties, which is determined in europe and ireland to avoid a referendum.
will the socialist group be able to be able to take the floor.
of course we must be consulted in the legislative procedure, but we must ask whether the commission does not in any way limit the debate on its own ranks and the debate in parliament still leaves little substance.
the commission is fully engaged in these efforts in these efforts to make it possible through humanitarian or through humanitarian effort.
however, there is another key to the success of the lisbon strategy, namely a genuine internal market for goods, workers, services.
i would like to expressly acknowledge this now.
if no common agreement can be made possible, it would only be possible to establish a network of bilateral agreements, but this would allow russia to treat different member states differently.
subject: illegal immigration
i would like to thank the rapporteur, mrs jensen, for the very thorough work she has done on the proposal for these rules in close links with the eu.
i do not even think that the solution for the preservation of the environment lies in both these extrem@@ es.
we are in the first place to emphasise the importance of agriculture within the framework of development policy.
i am speaking as rapporteur for agriculture and i think it is necessary to allow agriculture to be given this chamber because we are concerned not only with the figures but also with regard to the procedure.
petitions: written petitions: see minutes
i would like to take the example of article 2 and chapter 7 on the transfer of powers in accordance with the charter.
and this must also be the case, after which we all have to address - and i believe that there is little point at a time when parliament is contributing positively to the enlargement process to the enlargement process.
in writing. - de the situation in north africa is dangerous, but at the same time it is also possible.
this is a big problem.
mr president, honourable members, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to speak here on behalf of the commission and commissioner patten, who will forgive my position on the current situation in the middle east and the commission's activities.
i hope that it will be a case for the united states and no change to it.
in my view, it is very important that the next presidency should take this new approach, with a new college of commissioners who are already in office at the end of this year.
i would, however, like to draw your attention to the position taken by commissioner flynn when he talks about this issue.
it is so kind that it is only when the council is unanimous in making provision for it to take place unanimously.
question no 29 by maría izquierdo rojo
we also need to ensure that we can ensure that the citizens of europe can exercise the right to intervene but we also need to ensure that those who make our freedoms in our liberties are also allowed to exercise our freedoms.
– mr president, i am concerned about the efforts of the governments that have been known to the european parliament and the national parliaments – compromise draft constitutional draft – compromise – and then – to carry out the precise practices that are repeated in the wake of nice.
it is working in the area of justice and cooperation in the field of justice and cooperation.
mr el secretary-general, secretary-general of the international federation wants to submit a report to the head of this authority on 16 june.
it has been destroyed by a large part of the commencement of new homes, particularly the young and everything possible - it has been taken on generations - and it has been seriously destroyed by generations - and it has really been destroyed.
most of the 30 people are in such a boat in such a boat as so much water that it would be in the case of the first type of compensation for it to be reduced.
if the lisbon strategy is not just about empty words, parliament expects to have a clear increase in the resources for this sector.
this calls for action to be undertaken by implementing a truly macroeconomic policy at european level which still does not exist so far.
my group welcomes the progress that has been made by some companies to investigate the progress that has been made and to examine this information in public, whether in terms of equal opportunities in terms of how they policy in the field of equal opportunities or commitment to local communities.
in writing. - if we are to vote on a policy which means that we have to protect and promote the life and health of the mother, we understand and the promotion of life and health of the mother and the right to be done.
then i would also like to know what i would like to know, because then i would think that it is a matter of urgency.
the communities and government organisations must, of course, have the right to take account of their plans in terms of the environment, and social objectives.
it is a process in which the european union and the joint efforts to achieve political, economic and social conditions contribute to the achievement of political, economic and social conditions that are in the respective societies.
i think we should also remember one more appe@@ al@@ ', namely how turkey, which is not mentioned in this decision, will also be required.
let us ensure that china is just as necessary as we need china.
i would like to ask the prime minister for his czech colleagues to submit the lisbon treaty to the czech parliament for ratification.
the debate is closed.
i believe that the signature of the commencement of negotiations is extremely welcome and will contribute to the reform of the public administration and justice but, above all, i hope that the agreement will help to combat corruption, at the same time, i hope that the agreement will keep any tendencies under the albanian population.
it is also important, however, that the number of agencies is not just a political basis for their own sake.
in this sense, the introduction of a document submitted by the presidency is not an honour and that is why it is politically speaking.
i therefore welcome the own-initiative report by my request in the report.
of course, you must make proposals but not take decisions.
free trade is not the same.
we want to see fishing and marketing on the basis of sustainable and rigid criteria and the principles of food security and the principles of food security and therefore control mechanisms so that imported products are the same as those of our own fleet and industry.
please forgive me, prime minister, that i am in favour of it.
i believe that the key to the success of this strategy is, in my view, part of a step in the right direction in which all actors in society can take part in the democratic debate on terrorism.
mr president, the vice-president of the european parliament asked you quite rightly asked the member states to take the floor when a debate is taking place.
there was no formal statements, of course, there was no formal statements, but i believe that it is based on the debate on the main points of agreement between the member states.
the result is a lack of fisheries policy in the eu and not the commission and this house will find a way to resolve this issue, and also to put forward proposals in this area between the member states and the plans in the common fisheries policy.
these are all things that make life easier for these communities to do something.
i do not believe that the people who are in the process will not be able to take the floor.
it is certainly a good idea and has been in the debate since the early years of the discussion.
i would just like to emphasise one thing: that is to ensure that the interreg ii initiative c is also fully implemented in the regions where it is also important to ensure that both the eu member states and the third countries agree to participate fully in this programme.
it has been said about the protection of these human rights, and i would like to stress the idea that the introduction of human rights is the possibility of exercising their exercise as a result.
before the end of this year, the report on turkey.
in order to respond to them, we need to do not take political measures, as well as those who fear close or close the fear of the narrow or the imposition of fear of the outset.
amendment no 23 concerning payments to be confused with the obligations of the consumer and
firstly, it highlights the importance of the internal market as a platform of europe in the world, which is of vital importance to the competitiveness of european industry and of european services.
now there are borders.
mr president, there is a gap between the eu's fine words of equality, social inclusion and diversity and the reality in the member states.
that is my first point.
the member states have the courage to ask ethical questions and continue to do so.
it is therefore necessary now to clarify the rules and the necessary steps, and i therefore welcome our joint motion for a resolution, because it brings us closer to this point.
i learned a great deal here today.
that is why we need a new regulation at the end of 2011, and i believe that these two concrete examples show clearly that this is clear.
if you succeed in this, the main obstacles to the accession negotiations on slovakia are to be removed.
we cannot take action on the basis of any effort.
i support the call for further research into the animal welfare and agricultural practices, such as the improved reduction in the premiums and the farming sector.
however, this is not a matter for us.
our commitment also comes from another fact that mozambique is one of the few african countries that mozambique is one of the few african countries which have a democratic civil war in his own people for a long time.
we must ensure that our institutions are function@@ ed, even in the context of enlargement, even in the context of enlargement, even in the context of the ageing of our institutions and the entire european union.
in denmark alone, the amount of eur 2 billion is earmarked for eur 2 billion, which is why this small fund is quite simple.
this is particularly true in the case of the use of pesticides.
to give an example to the local authorities, the romanian government has decided to take the floor.
i believe that the european level is the right place to agree on clear targets for the reduction in the amount of fingerprints and the right to young people.
and i was forced to take part in the text of this effort.
so why should this be?
it has taken a long time, but we have finally reached a conclusion.
it would be incomprehensible for the poorest countries of our planet if they were to take account of the bill for an interinstitutional dispute.
. – brussels and agencies.
that is one point.
these three cases have a great deal of injustice.
unfortunately, the speakers have said that little progress has been made in this area, and this is partly due to the lack of initiative in the commission and other institutions, to bring the stone to the roles and to the true ideals of the internal market.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i think the text is clear in this form.
we, the young generation, do not want to go back to a traditional system in which safety only means their own security.
this is an international issue, which requires international solutions, possibly also in joint initiatives of the united nations and the european union.
in order to do so, the country has a different type of recovery, for example and for the introduction of the euro.
the european union and its member states have been promoting the dialogue between various communities – both within the european union and with muslim neighbours and elsewhere in the world.
the question is, i believe, justified.
we hope and hope that the commission will honour its commitments and that the rapporteur will perhaps take a somewhat more forceful approach.
the general fisheries commission for fishing in the mediterranean was created in a international convention.
it should have been done.
the european parliament has repeatedly set out a very clear position and we want an international legislation to be banned in global terms with the application, production, financing and storage of pesticides.
the current situation is one of those situations that will show whether europe really exists or not.
in addition to this, there are also a number of international organisations such as the one in which we are dealing with.
but it cannot be achieved with the same as well as financial resources that we have been able to achieve without financial resources.
we want to know what is going on.
it would also have to stop every effort.
it was prohibited from the introduction of a decentralised and introduction
we are also relatively aware of the biggest losers in the treaty of nice, which includes seats in the european parliament.
there will be a new form of impetus, the effects of which can be avoided and a greater increase in the number of directives.
i am interested to see who will be voting for tomorrow.
however, these proposals require further examination.
we could therefore say that we are in a position to ensure that the directorate-general for work with others, in particular with the directorates-general of the internal market, education and culture and companies in order to produce a concerted approach to this mechanism.
these are either the one or the other.
madam president, this debate could not be suspended and more difficult.
first of all, we should agree with mr ferber, who says that all the documents must be brought together to economic policy, because there are too many and they are always the same.
double standards, depending on whether the agreement is the north or the south, is for it to be the case for it in the world.
the commission has the intention to examine this and to give parliament a report within three years to provide information on how things stand.
in my view, the renationalisation of the common agricultural policy would mean that we turn back to the common agricultural policy.
the lessons learnt from the fourth report are to us for the period after 2013 because the operational programmes for the period 2007 are now almost everywhere.
it appears to be a debate on the one hand on one side of the people who wanted to give the impression of the stability and growth pact in its entirety and, on the other, those who have clearly awarded the stability and growth pact in its present form.
we are living in a time when we are going to remind ourselves what has happened and we are talking about a community of 500 million people who have imported food.
the section of the section b gave rise to a mandate for the financial year 2004 and provides for a transformation of three times in a period of time, as was approved in amending budget no 2 of this year.
question no 4 by maría fraga
the next item is the report by mr titley, on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy, on the second annual report in accordance with number 8 of the operational provisions of the european union of the european union for assurance.
this seems to be the case with the two reports that we are discussing today.
moreover, the european union's foreign policy is only a specific area, and it must therefore be represented in addition to the qualifications and a wide range of the principle of qualifications and a broad geographical basis.
the different taxation of different types is also a factor in which different taxation is also a factor that is how simple or difficult for the european union.
if double standards are applied here, then the candidate countries will be discriminated against.
i think that we could deal with the question very well in the area and that this does not change in fact - until a good use of the european parliament seems to me.
that is, of course, a crucial point, and it cannot be done.
i have raised this issue in my reply to the question by mr radwan@@ , but these elements should, of course, be taken into account in this context.
mixed reactions
finally, we must bear in mind the impact of the conflict on children and young people.
the proposal is a response to the public concerns that exist at the present time to low levels.
it is better to put in place our national interests where we have a common denomin@@ ator, because we can develop a common denomin@@ ator, the strength of national interests.
the commission is very committed to fulfilling its responsibilities and to respond to a great deal of care.
fishermen are not opposed to controls, on the contrary, provided that they have applied to the same period, both between individual member states and to third countries.
we need a viable basis for the fight against smoking and a comprehensive basis for a comprehensive community strategy based on the relevant investigations and the best way of dealing with the objective of controlling and encouraging people to play a key role in this strategy.
however, the labour party in the european parliament rejects the inclusion of gmos in this directive because we believe that this directive is not suitable for this directive and for the other member states that are already regulated by other legislation and so that there is no doubt about the legislation.
however, there is one point which is still under discussion.
this will bring about the new framework for the internal market with a stable foundation and a positive impact on freedom of establishment and the establishment of new businesses.
we are voting in favour of a gradual approach to the future that we expect to be consistent with the voices of women who expect us to take decisive action.
in this context, the question arises as to whether the current debate on the arrangements of the eu and the trade unions in the czech republic and the threat associated with the threat of strikes only serves to turn attention to real problems.
my apologies for the very legal nature of that answer.
nothing is said about this.
nl mr president, i would like to extend warm congratulations to mr kinnock but i think that he is very much to congratulate mr kinnock.
those are increasingly affected by this too.
the sitting was suspended at 12.00 p.m. and resumed at 15.@@ 00
only one example: the joint effort must be part of the future cohesion policy, including the selection of projects.
johannesburg in a few months will not only be the time to take stock of the balance sheet but then also the hour.
that is why we must impose sanctions and maintain our position.
this has also been an environmental impact, as there is more and more hone@@ y.
however, when mergers are at a time when the european union is again at the forefront of employment in the context of its consequences for the labour market and regional planning in the context of its consequences.
that is why i believe that it is urgent that we should not allow efforts to be made to enable the people to take part in mobility and to take a clear signal that they have rights to participate in mobility.
an example of this is because it shows that there is no longer any prospect of the balkan countries and that those countries that wish to do so are already able to meet the normal conditions required by the european union.
the second aspect is the obligation to provide a sine qua non for the introduction of energy efficiency.
finally, the different definitions of how to deal with the situation and management of these units should be re@@ opened, because we would avoid different standards to those of the same regions and problems as they could be applied in the way in which they could be applied in the case of the member states.
hence the importance of these measures too.
it is true that in this market we will contribute to greater efficiency in the operation of business, but this can only be done by means of a harmonised regime of public service obligations.
these were of course issues of common interest such as those applied to trade or in the eu.
but this was adopted by the large majority of the house and with the socialists and we ask that it be corrected in their lists.
hydrogen has other characteristics as conventional fuels such as petro@@ l, and the proposal therefore lays down all the necessary safety requirements.
in fact, this attempt to create a disability is based on common harmonised standards, the necessary standards which allow for the market to be the best in operation.
in the white paper on sport, which was adopted on 11 july 2007, issues such as the free movement of persons are also widely addressed in the commission's white paper.
it could play a major role in helping to build up our extensive institutional debate with a view to the council, the commission and the european parliament in the name of the council, the commission and the european parliament.
in conclusion, i would like to mention two other issues.
what is at stake.
the european economy must make the european economy the most competitive and dynamic and not on the basis of the intensive use of resources, which will require greater and greater application of the implementation to our processes and products, but also the existence of other factors.
in my opinion, we must invest in diversity and in technological innovation in response to the current energy challenges and the issues related to it.
written statements rule 149
this is a challenge to which we should give all the assurances that he plans to give a new political impetus in the action plan for justice and home affairs and the programme for dialogue between cultures and civilisations.
many of my colleagues wanted the commission to give up.
the solution must be to ban the sale of sales - not just the ban on re-@@ fur@@ s and the european commission and a number of european countries, but a complete ban on the problem of the execution and lack of control.
this is exactly what we are doing, and the reasons for this are all well known.
that is not what we are talking about.
it is also a case that this resolution was adopted pursuant to rule 1371 of the rules of procedure, which concerns the election of the commission as a whole and not the replacement of a single commissioner.
that was planned from the beginning.
the debate is closed.
we can see what we have achieved in our part of europe because we have not succeeded in bringing about a transport policy in the right direction.
in the united states, it was not the same tough monetary policy as in europe.
tomorrow, we will also be looking forward to a great deal of progress in the field of energy policy, which we have conducted numerous technical meetings in the last few months and all aspects relating to energy policy in the field of energy cooperation have made considerable progress.
, rapporteur. - el mr president, as the house knows, my report deals with the spanish initiative aimed at simplifying and reducing bureaucracy and reducing red tape by allowing seafarers at the external borders of the member states so that the member states have made redundant.
it is because of the increasing number of people who become more involved.
the second condition is that you should have the courage to inform the governments of the public about the decisions that have been made about the future of europe, and that they must seek their support.
we must not let ourselves be clear: we give money that we are giving direct to us money.
these are such massive changes which need to be made much more widely in relation to security and to a great deal more attention because it has far-reaching consequences.
what i am mainly concerned about is the taking into account the specific geographical case, in particular what it does not surprise you.
the laws must be clear and far-reaching and must be applied by all member states and properly enforced.
it is up to us to build up a situation without obstacles and not only hurdles and then solemnly remove them.
we are not talking here about the cancellation of a staff of the representation of the government, which is the presidency of the council.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in this respect, we were of the opinion that there was no major studies on the impact of any more than sufficient information to prepare this proposal.
i would like to thank him sincerely for his contribution to this framework programme, which is based on his ideas on the european research area, as well as for the new instruments, such as integrated planning.
public investment and public expenditure in the direction of the introduction of a few moments ago, which you have just described is the spirit of this stud@@ ent, which you have just described as you pointed out.
as far as the future is concerned, the commission estimates that its action as an investment in responsible fishing must be considered and not just a simple one.
then there is the question of the euro.
we also need to think of the european council resolution which has already proposed a plan for cooperation in the field of the area in june.
we now have a reliable framework for this.
in addition, recent developments have unfortunately shown that this team is not in a position to deal with certain situations.
it cannot be the task of the eu to draw up a policy for all regions, especially not in the area of a region with which we have worked very well together and which have only two and not been mentioned before.
in 75 % of the agricultural areas in the european union there is a high level of pesticides in drinking water.
this should lead us to reject this proposal.
paragraph 2 allows for companies to be entrusted with services of general economic interest, the rules of this treaty.
developments in the medium term are also to be listed and, more importantly, efforts to be made at a good time in good times, the state of which is needed, of external funding, public investment and the quality of the overall period.
i would therefore ask the commission to present its opinion on the future of this text.
for some member states this is also the problem of electronic planning.
the immediate provision of services and services must be possible - and it is very tempting - but in compliance with those conditions in terms of fingerprints and social rules, environmental protection and security.
there is still no time for everything.
it is also a question of practical ways of doing things on the ground and this needs to be explained.
it will be difficult to put their results and the foundations of their conclusions from the outset.
the systems in which i think are mobile and lead to example mobile telephones and the right to equipment.
i believe that the economic development of iraq could bring more stability in iraq.
the alternative would only be to protect the population.
with regard to mr hatzidakis report, we must be particularly satisfied with the fact that the council has now agreed to take a place for the economic and old buses.
i believe that in sweden, the right thing to develop in sweden, the right time that we have failed to develop a community strategy for combating this economic and financial crisis is developing a european union strategy to combat this economic and financial crisis.
it is unacceptable that human beings should be driven out and that it would lead to a reduction in effort.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, we too welcome the european commission's proposal and this green paper.
however, we will not achieve the necessary interoperability through the liberalisation of the sector.
we are now in a position to be visible and to be visible and to be able to agree to discuss and discuss.
this is, of course, not the purpose of the effort.
it was seen as the instrument that provides a comprehensive solution.
there is no doubt that human rights and respect for the fight against terrorism are part of this joint effort.
the union should be able to help the countries - whatever the status they - and the status of illegal activities by means of legislation.
it is a result of 15 months of work.
the success of the euro will provide an opportunity for the necessary greater political cooperation in europe.
in the context of the refusal of the efforts and prime minister to discuss the necessary democratic reforms, a week failed to discuss the necessary democratic reforms and the prime ministers of various issues related to the reforms that have been made to the necessary democratic reforms.
i know that commissioner schreyer who is not here today is more sceptical about the last point of view of why perhaps we should consider a system of payment for the cultivation of a special system of payments.
what is the responsibility of each event.
does europe not need it because it already exists.
firstly, the european ombudsman has been asked to continue with his investigations into the third pillar.
it is a case and not a final decision, nor even debates or discussions in the committee.
factors such as intensive work and desertification and desertification are among other things, the causes of a visa.
if the eu adopted strict measures on the use of antibiotics in agricultural animals, we can also expect changes to the legislation in third countries, particularly because of the financial contribution that would be restricted by restricting the eu to europe.
in other cases, the introduction and implementation of such measures would be less carefully and less well-off with the people concerned.
in our opinion, it is necessary to take measures to combat organised crime, which is in particular the fight against money laundering and the various types of bargaining and a variety of types trading and the cap@@ tive of them.
but after the experience of the last few weeks i hear the message that i am missing from the outset.
this must be done.
today, mr president, mr president of the european union will be introduced.
in this respect, the report recommends a single european union for the european regional development fund and the european rural development fund and the european fisheries fund.
in the name of the committee on the environment, public health and consumer policy, on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council, the decision to lift the council and the directive on the elimination of the directive
these modern factors determine the sustainability and competitiveness of the small and medium-sized enterprise in particular, which we as the presidency of the council interest and which we will support.
that is why we need to give serious consideration to the member states to stop and begin a common immigration policy.
the main task of the eurogroup in the context of increased economic policy coordination is to define the broad economic policy guidelines in the area.
this has led to the fact that the italian government has had to focus on this problem but also the results of the european council.
secondly, they should apply the cap@@ tive approach to the new measures.
it is the report because it sets out the problems and solutions to its implementation.
there is a lot of support and there is a need for financial support and support.
in the end, it is the commission that will give its approval and compliance with community law.
the report by amnesty international on the appalling situation of women in the world around the world.
i am not going to suspicion that some of the institutional reform of the institutions would raise a little bit of a little bit of the way to enlargement.
the aim of this supervision is to provide more detailed control of the repetition and reduce of disturbances in individual member states and therefore protect the clients of such companies.
in 1999, non-governmental organisations were given and eur 14 million in favour of the population suffering from the war.
mr president, i am sure that mr orb@@ the prime minister is right when he says a certain number of points that must of course be included in our overall strategy if they produce concrete results.
the first issue concerns the competence of the european union.
if we want to fight actively against racism and xenophobia, we must respect the right of asylum policy to ensure the regular recognition of all immigrants without a european union in all elections.
in order to ensure that the enormous efforts which the commission has since march 2005 have been undertaken for nearly three years, the enormous effort has been made.
the answer would yes, if this were a good agreement.
in fact, turkey is the united states, which is supposed to have signed up to the white house by inviting a party to iran.
we are moving in the way forward.
this agreement is part of our strategy for sustainable development, which at the same time encourages the competitiveness of our economy and ensuring that it does not pay twice.
this monitoring system must be one of the european union's general strategy to stabilise co2 emissions at the level of 1990 levels.
in this respect, the european union is a right policy, but one that many speakers have stressed here too much.
swif@@ ter rise
so, then, the solidarity of the european union is at stake.
everyone will then take part in it.
i can assure you, members of the european parliament that the irish presidency will make every effort to speed up the implementation of the guidelines and this positive and constructive spirit and with particular emphasis on the need for far greater growth in employment.
it was right that we should remember how we, the european union, intend to deal with this issue.
i would like to say that my country is very grateful for the support and cooperation of our neighbouring countries, whenever necessary, but in the end, a country must be able to act on its own methods and practices and on its own initiative.
because there are large quantities of private and cigarettes imported into large quantities of private and drin@@ ks, smoking is even cheaper.
i therefore appeal to the new german government to show greater flexibility.
but are the most vulnerable countries in the case of those who produce a product, and they have a bearing on their cost@@ s?
the specific programme for a period 2007-2013 and for the period 2007-2013 is an attempt to contribute to a high level of security for our citizens, by organised or other crimes, or to combat terrorism, human trafficking and crime against children.
it is hardly possible for a european or global effort.
the procedure needs to be speeded up.
that is absolutely unacceptable.
there have been two, and they can only be able to do so in a nutshell, they cannot afford to do the medicines or the fingerprints and the result of them in the past.
i am also pleased that there has been a reduction in the number of threats to the standards in question.
the presidency will work closely with the future austrian presidency in order to prepare the first session of the european union and will take place during the austrian presidency.
there can be money and we can also give money back to them.
mr president-in-office of the council, i hope that this point is very high on your agenda.
it cannot be dealt with in the comitology procedure, because the members would then be excluded from the debate and could not submit proposals.
fi mr president, commissioner barnier, you are aware of the fact that the european parliament has consistently remained consistent in its policy when it comes to the inclusion of a situation in the services directive because gambling services are not as such as those that are connected to it.
it is clear that there is hardly a demarcation between these two.
today, a number of contributions have been made in some of the impression that we are in favour of these countries.
the communication was an extremely wide-ranging one.
therefore, if you do not use money well if you want to make black holes in the public budget, it is not surprising that there is a lack of this money if we want to create a decent job creation in order to create a stable job opportunities.
for me, in the green group i would like to see a situation in all areas and i believe that there is no justification for using violence as a means of bringing about change in a democratic state.
in spite of the articles 13, 23 and the geneva agreement on the rights of those who held in addition to this, the rights of the member states have also not respected the french citizenship, as regards the reception of visits to their relatives and the international red tape.
the reality is that we are today prisoners of our loans to russia.
tasks such as preparations for the enlargement of the european parliament to include new member states, the extension of the scope to improve our work, our preparation for the lisbon strategy, in which we need to develop more and more in terms of legislation.
since 31 january, the presentation of the conclusions from the bureau for me and for my staff in the directorate-general for regional policy is a priority.
however, we have a situation in which we have rules, which we have all worked together.
i would like to respond with one another.
firstly, we are in favour of protecting the citizens of the european union.
mr president, commissioner, you are calling on this report and parliament to consider a new community initiative in this important sector.
if we build up our own countries, we will ensure that they operate across borders in the area of the eu.
certain eu member states are treating certain eu member states in the way in which they have been applied, but at the same time they sit in committees where they would introduce new rules for the rest of us and meetings, instead of setting up a series of regulations for the rest of us.
mr president, mr kinnock on behalf of the pse group on the european union's position in the next few days on the eu
we saw at the conference of how hard the concepts were to take the interest of this time and then the matter very quickly and then how often it is easier to talk about the environment and even to draw attention to one particular aspect, namely those of us in the western countries.
i believe that the european union simply has a duty to help this small asian state.
the historical perspective must not, of course, look at the problems of today.
i have not yet had the opportunity to read the green paper just now, but the first part of it.
let us not fool ourselves.
i expected a constructive and positive speech.
that is why i believe that parliament should accept in principle the report despite minor problems arising from certain amendments.
having said that, i would like to mention what the treaty establishing the european central bank.
el mr president, i support and vote in favour of the report by mrs roth-behrendt and i would like to congratulate mr corbet@@ t.
i fully agree with each of these statements.
thank you, commissioner.
the european parliament believes that romania and bulgaria are prepared to join the schengen area.
many of the emerging powers of asia now turn to the search for energy - in africa and in seeking to look elsewhere.
this vote shows parliament its full solidarity and unity with the people concerned.
i ask you to aim for a timetable for a timetable.
that is why i believe that we have achieved our objective thanks to a different approach.
mr bösch has submitted a report for which he deserves thanks to him.
we cannot accept this.
so far, the public prosecutor has denied access to this type and thus the possibility of achieving an end.
what concrete political consequences does the council draw from the dramatic deterioration of the situation in the eu.
i am not quite sure where they are from the moment but it would be interesting to hear that.
effective fight against poverty cannot simply be carried through by imposing rules on the introduction of a referendum.
mr president, i would like to thank the members who participated in the debate for an interesting debate.
however, and i am addressing the public at the moment this very important debate is a very important one.
in this report we are dealing with a situation such as globalisation, which is becoming increasingly complicated, especially in relation to the environmental problems and the problem of the introduction of the european union's role in the world.
it must also be made available to the entire institutional mechanism in the run-up to enlargement.
therefore the statements in the report on enlargement and streamlining the principles governing the assessment of the costs and the consequences of legislation are all supported.
i would like to say here today that it is important for us not to have the success of the euro, but that the euro has now become a real basis for growth and employment.
another starting point should be the objectives of these common areas.
explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 1371 of the rules of procedure
it is good and good, mr bösch, but all the prime minister has managed to get to the countries of central and eastern europe – who thought it was their friend – to make a plea on the cap reform.
as far as the deployment of the eu is concerned, it is also a great responsibility for the eu member states.
member states are responsible for implementing specific programmes aimed at promoting active involvement and women in the labour market and the creation of concrete opportunities for lifelong learning, which aim to provide the necessary skills and qualifications.
this detailed examination of its own actions is a detailed attempt to make accusations against israeli leaders.
the media are not going to compare with any other industry, because they reflect our cultural diversity.
mr president, mr eurlings had a very difficult task.
is it based on an economic, geographical or effort.
the integration of the eu must continue.
i would like to say so, but i was not here.
why should the european parliament not be involved in this area which directly affect the lives of so many people.
i voted in favour of this report, which is adopted by the proposal.
member of the commission. - mr president, i have noticed that a broad majority is the same opinion as we do.
first of all,
mr president, this debate is now longer than four hours, and i understand that parliament's attention has been paid much to it.
mr president, in burma there has been a renewed step once again and arbitrarily and arbitrarily in the way in burma.
there is also a lack of a solution, such as the one hand in hand.
i would like to thank the rapporteur once again.
firstly, airlines must comply with their obligations as a matter and the passengers under article 10 of the directive are fully informed and in accordance with article 10 of the directive.
if that is the case, the better parts of my friend and colleague, mr bösch, are in the hands of my friend and colleague, mr corbet@@ t.
in an effective way, the citizens will be mainly involved in the political parties.
for example, bulgaria and romania, for example, justice and home affairs have an unprecedented mechanism of cooperation and a response to it.
at the johannesburg summit, attention was once again focused on the importance of respect for environmental and social standards and human rights.
i would like to point out that one of the points that have been very seldom emphasised recently is that the public sector in ireland has been regulated effectively by rating agencies and the markets.
there was a light yesterday when israel made it possible for the palestinian authority to take serious action against the fundamentalists for the first time.
parliament agreed to the proposal
i will try to do that, and perhaps even so, it will be translated into german properly and we understand each other.
it is not the case that it is the crisis that the crisis is taking.
we want to make this absolutely clear in the union.
this is an apparently technical measure, perhaps which may seem to be tempted but which, in my opinion, is of great economic and social importance.
i personally welcome the opportunity to discuss the situation in the middle east.
it is in such a way that it makes it clear to the interests of the large transnational companies of the atlantic, as title iv of the text clearly makes it clear that it refers to the transposition and the appropriate stages.
on the other hand, the difficult situation facing the audiovisual media is at present in the face of competition with the audiovisual media.
what i want is for british pensioners to join the british government, and so on.
some of the opponents of the opposition who recently made a few 30 years in prison.
it seems that the government of the government has no intention of implementing the resolution of 11 march 2004.
mr president, commissioner, energy efficiency is one of the most important challenges of the next 10 years.
pt mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the european union for lifelong learning is a crucial document for the comparability of national and sectoral levels at european level.
we consider it important to promote respect for human rights in third countries, and constantly monitor implementation in third countries.
it was right to postpone the decision on equality.
the decision for this war was a catalyst and the war itself is an option.
it is therefore of the utmost importance that we as the european parliament express our opinion on these matters.
like any annual report, its borders.
we cannot hope that the efforts of the immediate establishment of the palestinian state are in place.
key elements of policy should be the support of the public sector and the long-term provision of protection and the improvement of social security systems and in general social terms.
i would like to make it quite clear that there is no toler@@ ation but one element does not exclude the other.
it will allow our institution to act in accordance with the court's judgment.
without regional level, there is no foundation and no basis for the future.
as a priority, and as the commissioner has pointed out, the eu is the ones who are looking at them.
over the past few years, we must ensure that we have a more efficient and high-quality implementation of cohesion policy and a rapid and high-quality implementation of cohesion policy and greater transparency.
let us not forget that the new type of treatment between man and the idea and between the people of the european union was first possible.
with the proposed amendment, it will be possible to allow the eib to allocate these resources within the framework of the execution of the member states to the commission.
private companies may be able to provide certain electronic equipment, they can have a profile in which my political and even my health is included.
from this point of view, we can only welcome the fact that the commissioner responsible for maritime affairs and fisheries, mrs kauppi@@ , and the commissioner for trade, mr de guch@@ t.
and now mrs roth-behrendt has used her position to election campaigns.
that is why i ask the commission and the commissioner for a responsible approach to this in future on the list of priorities that were neither in the case of poland, nor in any case prior to any event, in the case of poland.
in its resolution the resolutions of the european parliament on tourism, such as the phare and the fingerprints of the court of auditors have been drawn up following the various stages of the court of auditors.
this means that in all programmes we will be making good governance of the crucial factor.
i am well aware of what is happening here too, namely the question of the eu.
that is what you are saying.
now that the presidency of the council is beginning to end, i would also like to inform you of what we have done in our term of office for our union.
no, you have a very important historical decision to try and find this house with the council in order to prevent the constitution becoming a step of nationalism, the renationalisation of europe of the union.
400 pharmaceutical products have been given due to the approval of the introduction of 400 pharmaceutical products before 1 january 1997.
and what about working groups will be the name of all the experts.
i agree with my colleague, mr poetter@@ ing.
we were not in a position to deal with this problem as a catalyst for the criminal law, but we have had to date so that the internal market in the close of the internal market.
we hope that his mediation will contribute to a peaceful and lasting solution to the situation in guinea.
we also know that the organisation established in 1999 was established in the field of technology and science.
mrs jensen, the importance of turkey's accession.
this is a good example of a europe of results for a union whose actions will bring added value added value.
as you quite rightly said, in recent years, a great deal has been achieved – the euro, enlargement, the new constitutional treaty – and this has also played a significant role in the commission.
the presentation of a report must be characterised by a short and transparent procedure - which the rapporteur stresses in his report - so that the citizens do not hesitate to exercise their right to make use of their right.
the stabilisation of iraq by means of measures which ensure religious peace between the various ethnic groups is proving necessary in an area such as the one in which there is a presence and spread of islamic terrorism in an area such as the one where the efforts of the islamic terrorism are concerned.
unfortunately, in all cases in the event of a time when prices are unacceptably low and in the case of meat they are unacceptably low and in the search for a level of meat.
the scope and dimension of our relations should be seen as an integral part of a united europe.
all this comes together and means that the cap must develop.
when we look at this proposal, i said that the commission will put forward the text adopted by parliament as a result of the commission's proposal.
the sinking of the erika called on the world to raise awareness and to monitor and to monitor the need to better know and to monitor the efforts to the european coast@@ s.
it will have our support, and indeed it has the support of certain governments, but far too little to be done about it.
this is not a question of the environment and for the small and medium-sized enterprises and, above all, not for those companies that are using new technologies.
i therefore believe that this is a bad compromise.
such a development would endanger the stability of the whole of europe.
i can understand that a certain amount of effort should be made, but if there is one thing to do with water, then perhaps it could not respond to diplomatic statements.
in italy, the legislation in force for a small or medium-sized enterprise makes it possible for the legislation in force to be a small or firm intention because it is just as much a cost of business as a whole.
they have been declared and 15 years ago.
we are certainly all aware that this is an important contribution to both priorities.
this brings me to my last point, and i urge all the institutions to learn the lessons of this carefully negotiated proposals during the next week in amsterdam.
we can support the amendments that seek to improve the transparency of the authority in amendment no longer but for legal reasons.
- cs mr president, i do not even know where i am talking about the czech presidency.
the changes made in the report by the european parliament include the document in some aspects.
but we are saying that we want to use financial resources here.
the arguments were very good.
using the means provided for in the programmes, the administrations of the central and eastern european countries, for example, with the eu member states and the commission.
where the council is legisl@@ ating, we need real transparency and the council must, in principle, decide on a legislative principle.
society in europe is based on the introduction of the dignity of the person, but also on the basis of the dignity of marriage and the family, which is our task as politicians.
yesterday, in the debate, commissioner mandelson stressed once again that he shares this view.
they must analyse this decision, they must not be allowed to go and the message they want to go with or without ireland.
nothing has been done.
but since it is about research and patenting of life, we are of course looking at the ethical aspect of many hours of our attention.
it is the initiative that will take place within the framework of your committee on the internal market and consumer protection in the near future.
this is being done in this area, a constant strengthening of the police and the need to control the issues relating to the commitments made by the definition of parliamentary legitimacy and the judicial and parliamentary control over the rule of law.
. the council remains extremely concerned about the conflict in the north.
it is unfortunate that the member states are doing their hard work.
the commission will also include contact with the european union in order to provide an opinion on a number of scientific and ethical problems in the area.
it also raises the question of the need to control access to these products of animal origin and to control them when they first have been brought into the ground.
secondly, in touch with their neighbours in the area of contact with their neighbours on maritime transport.
the council considers this multilateral concessions to be made as a step towards achieving an essential and balanced results for the benefit of all concerned.
however, this requires the addition of the council regulation on the introduction of such a premi@@ um.
the citizens of europe use many languages and the information society must ensure that they can continue to do so.
i regret to say that i regret to say that the situation of christians in iraq and in particular of the area is deterior@@ ating.
i had the feeling that in place of course it was possible instead of the introduction of a fair trial that was applied.
amendments nos 12, 18 and 23 are aimed at maintaining the status quo with regard to the quality of groundwater.
the president cut off the speaker
i also note with some of the amendments of technical nature to annex i, as well as the situation of ports, although i regret that the eastern link could not have been distributed.
he has done a systematic deal of immigration with unemployment, insecurity and crimin@@ ality, but the evil is always coming out of these days.
the reason there is some resistance is simple.
the forthcoming calendar of human rights for the period will provide an overview of the actions in this region.
this, i believe, will make it possible to ensure that these people are always back the long arm of the law.
mr president, it is intended that we should try and make it not forever – that is what we should be doing.
this is contrary to european and, above all, parliamentary values which are so often spoken in this house.
the commission will do everything possible to make progress in this area, because if we do not act now, we will not be able to complain in five years' time that we ourselves can defend ourselves.
although the proposal contains much better than the proposal from 1996, i am concerned that some aspects of this directive are very inadequate to open up their obligations in terms of both the public and public health.
the socialist group is making every effort to adapt this timetable and if the council is to do its work, we will do everything we can to ensure that the european parliament can fulfil its task.
in some cases, this could have been avoided but certain aspects are frankly of the nature of these agreements.
but we should have a considerable proportion of support in the political institutions to promote parliament and to strengthen our colleagues.
even if it is used in the criteria, that does not mean that the stocks of emu and the euro are at risk.
the implementation of article 13 of the ec treaty also provides for the implementation of article 13 of the ec treaty.
the comprehensive programme to build up the efforts made by the eastern partnership is a good example, as it is precisely in order to be able to implement reforms within the ukrainian government, which must be strengthened in order to implement reforms.
mr president, i do not wish to do so with this report because it contains so few constructive proposals for practical measures against climate change and, furthermore, do not provide any financial analysis.
i personally am in favour of thinking about regional cooperation with the countries of the former yugoslavia - or even more.
this is the absolute upper limit for acceptable.
if parliament had adopted its rigid line, the proposal would perhaps have been rejected in the council, which would have been a serious defeat for the trade unions for years to be informed and consulted.
the union for the mediterranean must be based on shared administration with sufficient financial resources to focus on regional integration and respond to the needs of citizens.
thirdly, after the elections elected by the elected representatives of power.
fish is the only way in europe, which is still being carried out and not in any event.
faced with this situation, afghanistan must remain an absolute priority.
however, the possible adverse effects of such sanctions will be carefully considered for human beings.
if they do so, they will be part of their programmes so that they are less time for them in comparison with employees who are less time to travel to the process for the introduction and and for the promotion of pesticides.
my proposal to support the joint proposal for contacts with other groups on our common proposal, provided that the council would be able to maintain the substances for the two smaller cat@@ alogu@@ e, in the case of a referendum, to be commen@@ ced.
thanks to the work of the rapporteur in our introduction, the text which we are to adopt in mind, among other things, the social requirements will be useful in terms of the different social needs.
this may bring peace to us, however, leads to concern in the world.
the agreement with the european union means confirmation of good relations and provides an excellent framework for development cooperation and trade.
london does not require any action to be taken in the wake of the m@@ apping banks for action, and it must be a matter of concern for all the member states.
i welcome the fact that the social partners are involved in shaping and implementing projects and that we are trying to improve the exchange of views but i am opposed to the commission's reflections on both areas, convergence and regional competitiveness and employment.
we are preparing a communication that could perhaps take us as a first step, namely to prevent the prevention and use of our willingness in the case of a number of disasters.
some estimates of aboli@@ tion.
we therefore regret that our proposals have been rejected.
these contacts are not enough.
in the light of this, there was no question of any attempt to undermine this principle in the face of the petition@@ er in yugoslavia.
in writing. - sk in 198@@ 7, the bilateral fisheries agreement was signed between the eu and seychelles and since 2006.
that is quite clear and they have been very tough hit by the crisis, and we should take due account of that.
on the other hand, although there is a strengthening of relations with tunisia in the interests of the eu, i also believe that the granting of an enlarged status requires a strong commitment in terms of human rights and the need for tunisia to be given no consideration.
the creation of an area of freedom, security and justice cannot be achieved without any form of discrimination.
the committee on research, technological development and energy is of course particularly important that the appropriations for research continue to be carried out.
i am referring to the monitoring of the sale of ter@@ s; i am talking about effective monitoring, because there is currently no binding instruments to check whether it can actually buy or even genuine crimes, in which violence or even real crimes are being called upon to do so.
amendment proposing a reduction of eur 1 000 in respect of the economic and financial effort.
mr president, madam president-in-office of the council, commissioner, i would like to make just two brief comments on the middle east.
the partnership between the commission and the member states and european companies should invest in research and to inform the existing services and information that they are aware of the improvement of community assistance in relation to the development and training of specialists in european companies.
subject: the cause of conflicts in africa in africa and in the great lakes region and in the great lakes region - there is a great deal to be done in the region and the fight against the control of these monopolies.
in this situation, the eu must be more committed to the work of the council and to provide more funding for the implementation of projects.
we would thus make a bad choice for the environment and a bad decision for the future of european jobs.
i am sure that the prospect of accession to the european union will advance respect for human rights and progress in the reforms in turkey.
these workers are particularly concerned with the position of fingerprinting of qualifications in third countries.
there is therefore no need for all the conditions and information which should be made at a level that does not require all the requirements and information.
it mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i voted in favour of the motion because i believe that it is the responsibility of this parliament and of the european institutions to respect the commitments and to respect the commitments made towards the people of less developed countries, particularly in africa.
fortunately i was able to convince me at meetings with a view to deputy deputy mr president, in particular mr president, mr winkler, deputy recently in washington and the independent oversight that i hope will lead to the implementation of this new agreement, which is more than any event.
mr president, i am extremely grateful to you and especially to mr rothley for taking long enough and giving me the opportunity to speak.
the treaty of amsterdam made a declaration of autonomy after a period of time.
in my region every day in five women breast cancer is a priority.
the directive therefore encourages the balance between the right of patients to obtain high-quality health care and the right of member states to finance their own social and health care.
documents received: see minutes
this is contrary to the principle of the member states in the nation states, but there is no powers at a higher level.
this involvement is essential.
europe needs to change.
in other words, at the moment, the member states will not have anything from what they took in berlin.
in this case, the courts must decide.
they hide the fact that we in the eu have more than 23 million unemployed and the younger generation is particularly affected by the fact that their unemployment rate is now 21 % more than 85 million people in poverty.
the united states still has to build up the system of electronic equipment, and it is up to the united states to build the system.
enforcement of the existing rules is the .
i am happy about this.
the proposal that we know from poland and sweden is a good one.
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see minutes
is that really the case.
there is therefore no need to tighten up the current situation, because for all the third countries who statistics according to the statistics in question, for all third countries, statistics are already valid.
i understand, however, why this debate so long ago it is going to have a great deal of interest and in all parts of the house.
the report draws attention to new risks of the disease.
it has been called for a full international conference on haiti, and after a full assessment of the needs of the international conference on haiti.
we need this directive.
tell us which companies european taxpayers' money, tell us what the company of mr ben ali and his wife with european money.
as far as the commission is concerned, the establishment of the agency in question certainly does not make any provision in your proposal.
but today it is the case that the former president and some people from his environment do not want to acknowledge the recent elections.
member of the commission. - madam president, i would like to pay tribute to what has been said here - aung san suu kyi recently once again in the freedom.
there is no doubt that i could comment on the issues of the third area of human rights and respect for the principles of the treaty.
as the rapporteur stated, any agreement also makes it clear that there is a new type of effort.
i do not think that should be forgotten.
so far, only a few funds have been used, but i believe that two years of the current period are too short to try to get a picture of the use.
we in the group of the european radical alliance have tabled an amendment which i hope to be in agreement and that it would be officially designed to ratify the ratification by the european parliament.
in the work that i have done in parliament with my colleagues - mr president, and mr daul, and mr staes, for this report, it was precisely the coordination of this whole process of aid and the inclusion of parliament's criteria.
we should not forget that the region should be one of the eu's external borders, with regard to illegal immigration.
the joint debate is closed.
however, this is a major step, and i do not think i can comment on a change in this sensitive and complicated interinstitutional balance.
i should now like to quote a sentence which recently made a letter to the target and then it was published in the short term.
the aim of these networks is to ensure the best possible access to information and, at the same time, to create a mechanism for developing relations between companies.
there are many of us who are familiar with this type of effort.
in its presidency, the council says in its presidency that it will merely take account of the commission's proposals on budgetary policy.
i should first of all like to welcome the new secretary-general of the european parliament, mr president, and thank him well for his work.
it is hard to make money and effort for other purposes.
however, it will not be easy.
once they are responsible for consumer policy, they will be aware of how important the finances are.
finally, the spring summit is about to state the lisbon strategy.
this directive needs to respect the member states and the risk of a reduction in the working environment and in the quality, consumer protection and the environment.
at the end of the day, it must be possible to obtain greater legitimacy by parliament in the codecision procedure.
with regard to the handling of this crisis, i would like to stress the excellent cooperation between the commission and the presidency, especially the cooperation with prime minister juncker and the european parliament.
i think it is all the water as a common resource for mankind as a common resource for humanity, but we must repeat it because the situation is far from improving.
in parallel with this proposal, the commission has also submitted an amending budget for the benefit of poland, slovakia, hungary, the czech republic, croatia and romania.
the end of the
unfortunately, in spite of reforms in the direction of a free market, china remains a short-sighted market.
this means that the member states will have to draw up other large parts of their foreign policy sovereignty at the cost of the need to find common positions in order to find common positions before the international community and all multinational forums.
some have been critical of some of the criticism that was directed at the first step in the commission and we would remind ourselves of the efforts that were similar to the year in the commission.
fourthly, the delays are also causing the cross-border function of these markets and will not be in the future either.
i too would like to welcome our new colleagues from romania and bulgaria.
the fingerprints of the government is perhaps a priority.
of course, i am delighted that this is supported in your report.
it is important both for the european union and for consumers to demand and maintain and maintain the european union' s trade in the european union.
the presidency is also aware of the broad consensus between the member states and the need to implement the medium and long-term solutions that would prevent the emergence of similar situations in the future.
i am sorry, mr solana, that i cannot even share your modest optimism.
it is also true that, as far as we are concerned, we have seen that in turkmen@@ istan.
we call for careful consideration to be given to the aforementioned aspects, so that the industry is sustainable but it is not hindered at the same time.
i therefore believe that it is necessary for the european union to pay more attention to the neighbouring countries in the south, which are only through the sea of us.
this has created the conditions necessary to import cheap production and to ensure the competitiveness of agriculture, particularly in the future.
mr president, as mr harbour just said, we are now asking the final vote on this proposal.
up to now, we have a great deal to deal with the theoretical issues such as budgetary issues and discussions.
i do not believe that this is an expression of political will.
will the closure of companies with more than 50 employees should be involved in the process of informing and consulting employees so that employees can be informed and thus strengthened.
in writing. - pl i would like to thank the prime minister of the czech presidency.
mr president, i think that the policy mix will help us to overcome what it is called for.
we call on the european union and, in particular, the commission to review its programme and provide adequate support for these refugees so that they can receive additional training and promote democracy in the future.
that is why i voted in favour of this resolution.
turkey in the european union and the european borders are directly involved in the matter and in the area of peace in the region.
if we are already in subsidies, an incredible amount can be done in the area of the execution of eur 55 billion.
in order to reconcile environmental protection with the protection of agricultural and industrial activities, it is a question of what we have before us.
it is up to the companies to compete for the benefit of companies in the benefit of businesses.
in the media.
we know very well that the discussions about fisheries are taking place in the way in which the united states and canada in the united states are taking.
i would like to respond briefly to some of the points raised in mr barroso.
the commission has made it possible for the new member states to have no direct aid paid to the new member states.
there are some such cases.
economic change, political change and change in the government of the union
in addition, the commission must present a proposal for a positive list of all ingredients which can be used in the event by the end of 2004.
the debate is closed.
it seems to me that it is essential to have access to all relevant documents, which is not the case so far.
it is also the case that in all directions in the northern dimension, it is also the case that our partners are in the northern dimension, namely russia, norway and the eu.
what we need here is real innovations to reduce and also to the implementation and to the effort.
the third point is the period of implementation.
the situation after the fukushima disaster has changed the philosophy of our approach to the future of energy production in europe and poland.
therefore, it is important that all european forces promote this development.
. – mr president, one might say that the eu budget is in a world of the right to be in a world.
we also need concrete measures to promote good practice in the number of examples of this in the resolution which is now adopted.
i should also like to emphasise that the solutions cannot be taken into account during this term, namely europol, europol, the decisions on enlargement, the decisions on enlargement, the case of a number of solutions that have been achieved.
portugal has pointed out the importance of brazil that has traditionally linked europe and has an enormous amount of effort.
it is important that this report does not aim to set up a core strategy.
i will accept a statement by mr daul, chairman of this group.
sometimes it is more difficult to turn people into a product and to give them a kind of product which has been in place for centuries and with more sense of responsibility for the problems caused by excessive consumption or by the eu.
this must be our policy, not a new european union and a new european union.
in my view, one particular concern is the citizens' view.
in the framework directive on additives and additives in appendix ii.
perhaps we had the will to do so, but we did not.
report by mr radwan@@ , on behalf of the committee on budgets, on the draft of the european union for the financial year 2003 section iii - commission plans
we have enough time to deal with the issues at hand.
they are in a position to do as they did not have a lot, but on the other hand, as a victim of it, it is a victim because they are exploited by the outset.
in order to safeguard the transparency of the institutions of the european union, a framework for lobbyists is needed.
on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists, i would like to thank the rapporteur for the way in which he has managed to conduct this part of the monterrey process by parliament.
there are many areas in which eu funds are being channelled into eu funds, which is clearly the interest of the euro.
what the convention is supposed to do.
it was a movement that was guided by values.
at the same time, we must also think of the support measures that are needed to prevent the loss of thousands of jobs in agriculture and, above all, the destruction of a whole sector.
we will also support some of the amendments tabled.
the future of the deployment of this through its recent past and in the european perspective.
i stand behind the principles of this resolution.
i am interested to hear whether you have come to the conclusion of the council of ministers in december.
i would also like to say that in the report we have just voted on which we have just voted.
although the responsibility of the member states is in the responsibility of the member states, i am convinced that annual reports are required to discuss the state of affairs.
mr president, belarus presents us with the same problem as a number of countries outside europe, who do not want to see what resources are being used to bring about their regime in a policy of occupation.
thirdly, there is the question of the execution of the special attention.
on the other hand, it was demonstrated by the fact that it was closed down by this parliament which had already been requested minimal funding.
so far, different rules of the different member states have so far been based on a common high level of development.
however, what will the rapporteurs, too, mrs som@@ mer and mr jarzembowski and mr simpson have met if the member states are to be given the option of a mode of mode of transport.
this parliament has become more than the years.
what sums have been given for these reasons.
the union does not only have competence in the field as well as it should also be the case in order to make it a reality.
in addition to the schengen acquis , practical measures of this kind are taken on behalf of the european union which, as a whole, are based on the already existing acquis of the european union, in particular the common position on 25 october 1996, from which the task of supporting and informing them in the eu.
these people have provided him with arms and to give him the war against iran, they have sold him the arms with which he and the kurds have now been able to present us when they are doing nothing other than the introduction of the price of oil and a success.
enlargement will bring real benefits to both the present member states and the future member states.
the possibility of a closer link between the three parties is in the hands of a well-known three p@@ ages.
capitalist competition is a kind of war in which all the resources available are used in order to make it possible to respond to those who are in the current event.
will he finally understand that turkey is calling for international law to be respected by turkey in the united nations, the european union and also the greek government in a difficult situation.
rapporteur. - de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, this european stability mechanism is necessary in order to guarantee a permanent legal basis for solidarity with countries which have problems, but also the euro, which guarantees necessary and discipline and discipline together.
this report provided an opportunity to look at the impact of globalisation on the internal market, which has unfortunately been completed.
at the beginning of this week, the announcement made by the scientists of a us company in the area of therapeutic tion; the issues that this technology has now become more pres@@ sing.
the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on which i should like to present at one minute was adopted on 1 december 2005 before the start of the day.
the common fisheries policy has always led to a certain zone of the member states of the union for fishing by the local associations of the union for the exclusive fishing of local associations.
if you look at this wide variety of workers, all of them can do so for themselves to become part of citizenship.
embargo on british beef and tobacco and tobacco
the european union should help as trading partners and more important partners at global level in helping to promote higher labour and to promote higher labour and to promote standards.
this agreement deserves our full support.
mr president, i honestly say that the question that was raised was a question of how great the number of european union acts is.
it is all only possible and hard.
the seizure of the democratic opposition and the european parliament, aung san suu kyi calls for us to introduce a halt to burma.
a number of amendments which parliament has made show that the level of control has increased and that the democratic functioning of the european union has improved.
you cannot contradict you that it is difficult for these two to do so.
as regards olaf, mr prodi, i would like to recommend a kind of decision on the admissibility of admissibility for olaf.
in addition, it would be possible to solve a situation in which there is also a few metre@@ s, in which many different types of effort, and a lot of others, are going to be directly involved in the flow of city.
it is a great honour for me to have the opportunity to speak to you all of the representatives of the peoples of europe and members of this great european institution - the european parliament.
i voted in favour of this report because i believe that our objective of environmental protection is to say and we must follow it.
these are truly important and vigorous measures.
this is a fundamental value of our union, which we in the public and often have to defend and defend wherever possible.
and then the 50 million people who are not too overlooked either.
sweden and sweden have traditionally made it good for trade.
it is a different matter.
there is a substantial financial incentive for the first and the first railway undertakings to create the necessary railway railway undertakings to deal with it.
i am aware of the fact that this matter has attracted great attention and protests in greece against the project.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats supports this proposal on the human rights situation.
they are every time.
it has been a scandal and it is true that one has been a scandal and nobody has recognised it.
they contain sound and intelligent considerations and efforts to adapt.
in addition, the commission recently gave its support for a programme of support for the training of the eu.
i call on the council, the commission and this house to devote special attention to the consequences of the execution of the period in belarus.
of the six greenhouse gases in the annex to the kyoto protocol in 1997.
not even immigrants are treated in the european union as such as those of a number of people who have been in the region of 17 years ago, in which a new state was created only 17 years ago.
over the last few years, there has been a reduction in the expenditure of essential programmes in the field of community cultural action, such as the programme so that the expectations that the commission itself had in 1995 were far from being met.
instead, we must take note of the outcome of the hearings and draw the consequences of this.
since the ecb has been based on two pillars in its strategy, it is specifically the case with the introduction of a strategy in relation to the level and impact of monetary policy within the economy.
the commission is making great efforts to coordinate with partners such as non-governmental organisations, the red cross and the response to the situation.
es mr duisenberg in the signature of the decision to introduce the ten member states that will join the union in may 2004 once they fulfil the necessary conditions.
the argument for the draft constitution is that it is necessary for the creation of a framework for a new european response.
but we have to argue in terms of substance so that the citizens feel that the european union is not only concerned about itself but the interests of its citizens.
i am also counting on your support for the codecision procedure.
in this context, i have been in favour of my own country, belgium, that the consumer will pay an average of eur 300 more than 2007.
this report raises many of the present problems of the fisheries sector and the recovery of the eu and it is certainly a huge challenge.
since it was not taken into account and at that time was not taken into account the legal basis was found to be included in the com in this parliament two months ago.
i can only agree with the view that the structural funds should be used as a tool in the service of employment and combating unemployment.
we want to adapt rapidly to our technical standards and to align their legislation with those of the other member states in accordance with the three conditions that were later in line with the other member states.
more and better development aid is required if we want to achieve the millennium development goals, but also help the millennium development goals as well as to remind us of her report.
such a step will increase efficiency, and a set of results.
the overarching aim of the eradication is to eradicate poverty within the framework of sustainable development, including the achievement of the millennium development goals.
it is not true that the projects agreed at essen in essen only three have been put into effect because there is no shortage of money if they do not find investors so as to be added to the socio-economic sustainability of many of these projects.
on the contr@@ ar@@ y!
personally i am in favour of the principle of business when i come from budapest here.
but why do we take the step@@ s? either it is dumping or not.
the internet as a catalyst for young europeans is one of the most important means of access to knowledge and knowledge.
however, it is also worth noting that 21 % of these numbers and women receive 65 % of the eu in the industry.
in doing so, you should make the following points.
on behalf of the verts/ale group. - fr madam president, like the previous speaker, i deplore the seriousness of the situation today, the political crisis and the risk of conflicts that could occur in the next few hours.
it is a digital platform for society with new methods of a digital platform involving the perpetrators of the member states' legal systems.
i agree with him and have already told parliament that the harmonisation of the application of the criteria is an important objective.
if we are serious and amounts to have been planned, then we in the european parliament want to know what amounts are envisaged.
we do not want to give up this social model europe.
the seizure of islam to the christian belief that the public prosecutor is calling for the death penalty in accordance with the islamic legislation of the member states in accordance with islamic legislation.
mr swoboda rightly said that an investigation must be made.
we want to see more evidence of how other policies contribute to the situation and to that end.
well, we have been fighting this problem for many years and have also been struck at this time.
it is quite a case that diplomacy in this case is quite another.
responsible action and declarations and through our various political dialogues and eu programmes is working towards better respect for human rights worldwide.
trade preferences are of enormous importance for pakistan as it is for sustainable development in a country that has recently suffered a number of natural disasters.
fifteen states of the united states and four provinces in australia intend to set up comparable fuels.
subject: european structural funds after 1999
for example, in shipbuilding for the fisheries sector, we in the eu have an over-@@ capacity in terms of what is meant by ships.
i was especially at the top of my hour and it is hardly surprising that it would be so hard.
i am pleased that this report does not interfere in the rights of member states but the principle of subsidiarity instead of setting up guidelines at the same time.
if the eu is to guarantee the future of its agricultural land in a way in the long term, we must respect it.
the presidency will not forget the spirit of cooperation, the commitment and openness that all of us in search of the best solutions have not been forgotten.
i should like to make one last comment in the case of substances, for which there is no alternative to their use and which would cause a great deal of economic damage, and i think it would be extremely regrettable if our industry had to step up our industry on account of our excessive efforts and loc@@ alisation.
the same goes for the item on the agenda.
the setting up of a society that wants to construct is a priority.
the report by the european parliament contains 65 proposals which complement the commission proposal and are aimed at national interests.
therefore, it is therefore necessary to ensure that the economies of these states are able to prepare sufficient preparation for the economies of these countries and to prepare for a smooth running of the economies of these states.
we will have to resolve this problem together, and that means that we cannot just be the one we should not be able to assume that the new member states are only the ones to take the floor.
we will probably be talking more about the issue of traffic in more detail, and i am looking forward to that.
we are going to put it before the member states.
corbett report
what is the position or the council's decision on the creation of a situation which i have been calling for for a long time now.
we could also develop the provisions on non-discrimination and sustainable development.
so enlargement must be a success.
my report does not amend the rules on privacy because it is not a problem of laws but a problem of application.
we should look at that.
the minutes of the previous sitting were approved
i would remind the honourable commissioner - that it is not only possible to maintain stricter limits in finland, sweden and austria but the european union must also define these stricter limits for other countries.
it emphasises the fact that the committee of inquiry managed to put on the political scene and i can only confirm here once again, and i would like to stress once again the importance of this issue for the coming up.
in addition to this, the commission would like to look again at the policy on the agricultural and agricultural products and the publication of a green paper.
the european community has prepared an integral part of a multiannual programme for the years to prepare for the former yugoslav republic of macedonia in order to enable the country to fulfil its obligations under the auspices and the stabilisation and the programmes.
we are aware of the problems faced by the financing of a referendum, with such a great deal of effort, only by the private sector and therefore have the amendment which makes provision for a part of the funding for peaceful purposes.
whatever many member states say they are looking for ways of handling the emissions trading scheme.
it will deal with important areas for both sides such as intellectual and investment, more and more and more competition.
however, i wonder if it was not possible to have solved the eu before enlargement.
we are all doing our utmost to ensure that at the spring european council in march, this ambitious new phase of the lisbon strategy can be launched.
i can understand the trouble - if it does, however, - from spain and by those who have suffered losses.
we have also insisted on the precautionary principle by agreeing prior to the effects of this directive.
mrs fontaine has now been given the time to inform all the members as possible.
national provisions in the event apply only within the territory of the respective member states.
you have made a real effort to each of our member states in order to achieve a joint effort.
it is a matter of total re@@ deploy@@ ment.
we would have liked the european union to demonstrate the same zeal in the fight against terrorism.
who can better than the family against exclusion and isolation.
the house rose and one
to achieve this legislation is too restrictive.
the eu must facilitate the implementation of these standards and the participants in electronic commerce as a result of the possibility of being recognised.
mr president, all the institutions in the council face the imminent enlargement and the increase in their respective cap@@ s in the face of the imminent enlargement and the associated increase.
however, i would like to make it quite clear that my concern in this respect is not just zimbabwe and not solely on china.
the time has now come to the right of citizens to information - articles in the treaty.
i welcome the fact that the final version is not a proposal for the establishment of other authorities and that it does not therefore lead to further attacks.
it must be able to identify whether a payment is a final payment or a win-win scheme which, if a programme does not work well, can be re-@@ established.
the two candidate countries should devote more time to implementing and implementing the copenhagen criteria.
look at that behind us.
finally, we reject the general provision of information to neighbours, which was supported by mrs hau@@ g.
incidentally, this situation shows very good how much europe is lacking in a sufficiently strong and independent monitoring of what is lacking in a sufficiently strong and independent monitoring of such a situation.
perhaps it will not be necessary to do so, but the union will perhaps be able to consolidate the role of the european union in order to consolidate the role of the european union.
what was decided at first reading was an agreement at first reading, which is not just transparent.
the purpose of this communication is to develop a european vision and support for the promotion of gender equality in all regions and developing countries.
the union must find a solution to greece.
we therefore support the recommendations 15 and 17 of this proposal.
those who are against the use of nuclear energy know that there are those who are in favour and there are those who are in favour of nuclear energy.
when we in the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy in the committee on foreign affairs, human rights, common security and defence policy, we do not want it to be presented in such a dramatic and timely manner.
we have asked ourselves to deal with the issue and mr posselt at that time because we were asked not to deal with this type of form, because we would not be discussing it in the committee and therefore not in the future.
what is all this is about.
it is now necessary to become a reality, and of course the withdrawal of russian troops must be put on their lines before the start of the day.
madam president, the regime of the taliban is needed to cover women in a truly type of way.
what is it all about?
however, it is also important to ensure that these mechanisms do not take any unnecessary burden and that they do not lead to the creation of additional community legislation in particular.
i voted in favour of the proposed appointment of the member of the european court of auditors.
the very serious situation of fish stocks and the difficult economic situation shows that there is still a great deal of work to be done and we are dealing with this in the context of the framework of the discussions.
we need to strengthen our policy, and i would like to say that we have recently tightened up the sanctions against the regime and its leaders.
the issue of algeria is that we are all concerned with fear and concern, because the religious fingerprints of social tissue and living together in this country, it is a great deal of a huge amount of effort to make it in a tough way.
it was not taken into account that the diversity of scientific opinions was not taken into account.
however, in some of these countries, including in my own country, portugal, there are several worrying cases in which they are taking place.
mr president, i would like to thank my colleague, mrs pack, for the valuable work she has done in drafting this report.
it is a little more.
i believe that mrs roth-behrendt is a worthy and worthy representative of the european union, thanks to your experience that you have brought the economic governance of the economic governance of global economic governance.
the european union's annual report on human rights is one of its most important areas.
from the outset it was clear that in parliament some concerns about the basis and the nature of the new regulation.
we must not forget that it is a conflict of last few days in order to deal with a conflict that is primarily primarily in the country of our and one day, and one day, turkey, too, and its causes.
that is how we will not bring the citizens europe closer together.
i have met with the criteria in relation to this issue.
in my own country, the fall in the number of deaths in the number of fatalities for example, during this decade, even in the case of this decade.
the commission's proposal must be deliberately committed to all crime and unlawfully and it is aimed primarily at the serious cases of which the court of justice must decide.
i would like to congratulate mrs muscardini on her report on innovative activities under article 6, both with her and with the contributions from the other speakers in this house that our common interest.
since parliament, and later, the council has decided to look at certain substances from the green list as a whole, and it is natural that this proposal should include environmental aspects which must be at all costs.
finally, we are opposed to unnecessary bureaucracy.
so that we do not do our electorate.
the rapporteur deserves our support for this.
the situation in north africa and the middle east is a real catalyst for the new european external action service.
if conditions are not met, the implementation of these rules is not fulfilled, then the application of these rules does not discriminate against a country, but rather the fulfilment of an agreement between the eu and nothing else.
and, unfortunately, i do not hear anyone talking about you here this afternoon.
the plan provides for a reduction in the implementation of a few moments that are in a very bad state and that this is a reduction in the number of those who are in a very bad condition.
it is not just a question of good economic development, but also of the need to maintain the social aspect.
in any case, artificial citizenship may have the right to do so.
in writing. - although this report contains many aspects of it, it is important not to mention the issues that are needed, but to those of the eu who are missing from the constitutional treaty.
adjournment of the session
madam president, this excellent report by mrs klaß@@ , a comprehensive approach to the analysis of the possibilities offered by parliament and the potential of the member states.
if we proceed in this way, we will make great progress.
i fear that we will not be able to do this at this stage.
finally, how can we fail to see the agreement with central america and the involvement of the agreement with central america and with the involvement of those in this agreement and in these negotiations.
one of the fundamental elements of the proposal that has been triggered by the greatest debate is the explicit involvement of the disease.
because if the general public and also access to the books of the commission are concerned, fraud can be made more effective.
the summit in particular the council and the commission will be able to provide a comprehensive and comprehensive draft to the european council in june of this year.
the position proposed in amendment no 45 would lead to a reduction in the direction of our water resources.
it is worth pointing out that the commission, as well as parliament, would have preferred to have seen the points set out in amendment no 8.
this will stimulate economic growth and among other problems for the real economy that is dependent on the supply of sources of finance.
the biggest mistake is in fact in the context of a humanitarian policy that damages the military occupation and war.
the new paragraph 4 in article 9 can be retained in ireland in order to allow direct charges to be imposed on the budgets or to be taken into account.
it must be combated by all the member states that are responsible for the spread of universities, organisations and and their long-term freedom of movement throughout the union.
we have grounds for concern, mr president, and we need to raise the risk of a magic shift from contributions from work to alternative solutions to alternative solutions and, in particular, given the enormous budgetary impact that emu has undertaken in all member states.
i would therefore like once again to thank all those responsible for the good cooperation and for the good and good work done.
we have to discuss this on this issue.
let us put a stop to the half of them.
one example of this is perhaps a reduction in the search for those who commit the perpetr@@ ators.
together it means less than eur 20 million per year for each party in the european project.
we must conduct dialogue with all our citizens and try to integrate them.
that was the little i wanted to make, madam president.
in this respect, i do not think it is a question of highlighting all of us very strongly and after the completion of this report, which is due to the recent vote in the united states in the united states that it is important to extend the examination of such a great deal of effort.
madam president, i am glad that you are looking at it.
the reality in madagascar is well acquainted with the reality in madagas@@ car. it is ready to develop his experience and with joint efforts in the area of setting up a company with madagas@@ car.
however, it is that there are points to be made, which do nothing new to me.
the same applies to the commission, which also sets out its priorities every year.
i would just like to remind you that we have only made funds available for the first half of our budget.
i believe that one of the provisions in this document calls for a special ter@@ : the member of the eu to publish lists quickly.
it would sound a lot of talk and re@@ hear@@ ted that it would not necessarily be in the right direction in the right direction.
this is a complex process, a process which will have considerable and considerable cost to the budget and the commission has made very serious efforts in this area to develop these measures.
these proposals were rejected by dg 7, and we have studied the long list of findings by officials of dg 7.
i would also like once again to ask why the commission does not have a member state before the court of justice when it is clear that it is a member state.
from this point of view, we have once again reviewed all aspects of the european employment strategy in these five years and proposals for the future guidelines.
some of you have waited for 10 years.
by approving the request for application of the implementation of the com in olive oil, the european parliament has made a political serious decision which sets a serious precedent for the future.
more than 80 members have spoken in this debate, albeit in part very short.
finally, i would like to stress that the commission is in this area.
we are aware of the fact that we may not do much to pressure on the un and on our member states to exercise pressure on the un and on our member states.
this is the fact that europe is relatively strong in the context of the introduction of this type of situation, but it cannot be implemented in a more competitive form.
. we would like to point out again that we believe that the principle of this is a matter of principle.
thank you very much, mr president.
these analyses indicate that the use of antibiotics can cause high costs for the treatment of human diseases.
mr verheugen, in your speech you said that we would now like to see the introduction of the car industry as a result of the relocation of european industry.
you are aware of the world of the people of the century 60 years after the holocau@@ st.
we have come to the conclusion that we should get half of the european union and should receive a salary.
there are three critical comments about a report, which will certainly not be the case, and that we will support it unless unacceptable amendments are adopted tomorrow.
as regards the possibility of the opening or extension of the information campaign, as proposed in the karas report, we are positive about the two options.
i am in favour of our member states only in a reasonable report and i think that is a real shame.
we can do a bit better with regard to the procedure and transparency with regard to the procedure and transparency in relation to parliament.
thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
now the brazilian authorities have to take action to ensure that the law is respected.
we understand that the fight against unemployment is clearly a priority in the fight against unemployment, not only vague intentions are confirmed and are also enshrined in the treaty.
we all agree on that.
we in parliament want to stress that we expect the commission to give us an overview of the cooperation between the union and russia in the field of research and technological development.
we have a situation where members have spoken about the fact that they do not have the floor, but even so, in order to hear the statements and conclusions of the commissioner or the rapporteur, he has not been listening to them.
i am very interested to hear what the council conclusions from the lambert report.
even at a recent hearing it transpired that women no longer live as men.
the technical possibilities are very much there, and in many european union member states of the european union are the rules that we have long passed at first reading, law and therefore normal policies.
mr president, i understand that i have to be careful.
mr president, i am surprised that the commissioner is so optimistic about the fact that the situation in fukushima is under control of the situation in a few days when we have been talking about weeks and months, in the meantime, there is still radiation radiation.
however, this must be rules which take account of the need to take stock.
i would like to add my voice to those who have now made a report on the importance of the commission, especially mr verheugen, because of the importance of the report before us.
i hope that this is linked to the general work of respect for fundamental rights which the ilo is going to achieve.
if entrepreneurs want to export in a member state to export they then they must comply with the requirements of national bodies and authorities themselves.
unfortunately, we have not yet received an answer to these simple questions.
however, it seems to be a case for a halt in some areas around 2015.
measurement and renovation are the essence of our proposal.
the other crucial area in the common agricultural policy is that it is not designed to transfer a redistribution between member states.
i have indicated that we can monitor the fulfilment of these conditions as closely as possible and at the same time that i will inform the house of the european parliament about the content of this matter, which i have done.
nl mr president, i should like to thank the rapporteur most warmly for his excellent work, in which he also has the work of the committee on employment and social affairs, not everything but it was done in the direction of the committee on employment and social affairs.
next year we will review the situation.
the commission and parliament cannot and must not remain indifferent to the fact that men and women who belong to a member state and have been invited by a ngo other member state to join together in the fight against sexual and reproductive health at a different member state.
that is what we are asking for.
the agreements that have already been made with the applicant countries must not be called into question.
as the european parliament has the duty to monitor the work in the research institutes we are asking for it.
this is a very important day for the european parliament, because as a good europeans, we have decided to apply the european method that is the only solution in dialogue.
the existing directive on packaging provides for temporary renewal for greece, ireland and portugal.
i can also tell you that we have now imposed a ban on products which have been drawn up at community level.
i would also like to point out that many ideas have been put forward by this parliamentary question, such as national legislation, for example the issue of national legislation, but i am looking forward to these questions and i will look at it further.
even in our own institutions, such as the european fingerprints of the member states should be respected.
these reports must be implemented and we must ensure that the commission takes account of the views of the european parliament.
once again, we are in favour of the retention of the euro.
we will raise this important issue in july, and i would be grateful for the understanding of my colleagues.
the reason for this is simply that it is the scottish who is not dependent on subsidies.
it can be a economically viable alternative because it makes it possible for the introduction to be increased and in some regions to increase agricultural incomes.
as far as romania is concerned, i would like to add that we have even seen visible measures against corruption, which is a positive factor in recent times.
it is clear that the igc and the reform of the treaties on which the european union is founded on this time, more than ever, is founded on another very important european union decision time.
it is therefore a major step towards a decision that would be taken in a win-win way.
the green group has been calling for this.
most of the problems arise through the period in question.
i would therefore like to insist on the proposal that a tampere ii be developed in the debate on the annual report of the area of freedom, security and justice.
this will be advantageous in particular for small and medium-sized enterprises, which will suffer most from late payments and in the event of debt.
i would like to give my colleague mr schulz just a response to his or her contribution to the indebtedness of germany and the eu.
we voted against mr jarzembow@@ ski's report and mr jarzembow@@ ski's report and we will continue to do so.
some of you mentioned the failure of the food programme.
the commission is committed to the precise objective of the president at the beginning of his mandate to do so in order to better act.
we in the european parliament have been calling for financial resources for the introduction of wine to be imposed in the member states.
the awareness of the benefits and possible risks of genetically modified products must be introduced.
european products can and must be successful and have to be successful - through their efforts to develop and prepare their excellent quality, through creativity and the introduction.
in order to do this, europe has strengthened the internal market and consumer support.
in future, too, we will continue our commitment by supporting action against anti-personnel mines and in our community programmes and policies in our external assistance - that is what is going on.
that is why i have tabled an amendment to delete this.
it is because the report makes it possible to take this opportunity to step up and to fund the enlargement of the european union and to fund its own merits.
in writing. - although i am in favour of women's rights, i cannot support this report in the current economic situation.
mr president, in my capacity as rapporteur for the accession of cyprus, i have the honour and pleasure of asking all my colleagues to give the assent to the way in article 49 of the treaty.
do you think that it should be done.
a number of amendments have been tabled concerning the extension of derogations.
i think he is right.
i should also like to point out that the commission's actions in connection with the cross-border area should really be desired because of the fact that political promises are more likely to reduce the cost than from 15 august august.
when one of the first measures taken by the new serbian parliament at the beginning of 2004, the ethnic minorities represented the threshold for the entry into force – the right to enter the european parliament.
i would like to welcome the cessation of the stoning of women - i hope so.
thank you, mr corbet@@ t.
in some states, for example, the fundamental right to education and expression is respected.
there are signs of increasing instability in the region.
the same applies to the right to freedom of expression or to a fair trial.
pressure is being put on the staff who are in the work or in any case longer and in any case longer and without any other.
in this connection, i would mention only the issue of tunisia and also the issue of this.
i would also like to say that you have taken great care to the emphasis on the fact that we should not allow the various responsibilities of member states to the european union and i would certainly not like to see the responsibilities of member states with the european union.
at the moment, the negotiations are threatening to fail, while we are discussing completely failing to blame.
of course, the creation of appropriate infrastructures must be a priority.
we are talking about a universal human rights and universal rights and so this is not an issue which is an urgent need for a european union response.
one of its specific aims is to ensure that people with disabilities can fully benefit from new technologies and from the internet.
we have already voted on three resolutions on the death penalty.
mr president, commissioner, i agree that the biggest difficulty in the discussion guidelines on the implementation of deadlines and deadlines for the reduction of the incidence in the air and the deadlines for the air and the reduction in the air and air are the same.
this report deals with the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on consumer rights.
there is no need for this, however, for any additional resources, such as those made to be more or more specific in the distribution of effort.
on 14 may 1996, the council asked for a request to be made on 14 may 1996.
only legislative reforms and possible can democracy and respect for human rights in the democratic people's republic of laos will be a reality.
this is a global problem, so we need global answers.
it is a valuable tool for reducing our dependence on them.
in accordance with this principle, any new knowledge will be taken into account and the conditions can be constantly adapted to date.
the situation that has just been announced in russia has not yet become reality.
i therefore voted against this motion.
firstly, strengthening links is important because it enables member states to support themselves in the event of a member state.
the criticism of this attitude will not weaken the commission but it is very much in line with that attitude.
this phenomenon can be observed in the new member states, for example, where the scale of the attack is concerned.
the current proposal for a framework directive on the implementation of the european union does not do justice to this project.
what is particularly important is that we have once again clearly seen in the light of recent times.
the blame is to a b b.
thank you very much, commissioner fischler.
the commission is limited to insisting on a joint attempt by the member states to provide information on the website and the general public in the eu on the website of the dg and the member states in which the requested data is to be made public.
as mr van orden said, there are currently no negotiations, so the current situation is not encouraging.
but we can assure you that the commission is determined to organise the meetings of the only committee that is taking account of the need to take account of the specific characteristics of each sector.
three comments i have three minutes.
the role of parliament is to draw up a statute for members of parliament in terms of funding, and for the introduction of taxation and immunity.
however, i would like to emphasise two things.
trans-european networks and the development of the single market are further strategic points in the union's action to improve growth, competitiveness and the introduction of the single market.
today, in this debate we have established that we need good scientific advice.
mr president, when it comes to the leadership of the m@@ ess, i must sometimes reject this exhibition but in view of the history of this parliament in relation to the question i was proud of.
the second point concerns article 53 of the traditional directive.
when we talk about the possibility of talking about a level playing field, one can be seen among many aspects, among other things.
and we have all the preconditions for the introduction of the faith in the european future of belarus, solidarity, courage and response.
i am very pleased to see that, although i am not surprised by parliament, the commission is in favour of maintaining lasting respect and maintaining this independence and this authority.
how can one example explain that sweden and finland - countries which are complying with the united states, i.e. 50 % of the united states, whereas in england, they are in england a much more remote country than 29@@ %.
i look forward to an interesting debate.
of course, it is an honour for the commission to enter into dialogue with parliament on all occasions.
just one example.
the results were more focused mainly on human rights, democracy and the environment.
langen report
even more serious, could we take action as soon as possible and a number of men and women and men must take action as soon as possible.
the proceeds at european union level could provide a total of eur 60 to eur 60 to 140 billion in the event of a gradual growth of up to 90% of gdp.
the eu
i am glad that the consensus was reached on the basis of the events in 2005, mainly due to the events of 2005, which was achieved mainly by the brok report and today's debate.
this is how we must ensure that we have at least achieved a number of substance at least.
this was done on the basis of a decision that was made in principle with no vaccination.
this seems to us to be the only real and fair way of preventing illegal immigrants at an open sea.
in order to achieve the best possible results, the commission will be informed of the progress in implementing the action plan.
. ukip cannot support amendments which strengthen restrictions imposed on member states.
this is a case and a crime against us.
the general aims of scientific cooperation at international level will also be confirmed in this framework programme, support for development and contribution to economic, social and scientific development in developing countries.
indeed, it cannot be ruled out that the decision to grant autonomous trade preferences to pakistan by flooding.
the march would have 10 to 14 minutes.
the disputes between police and fans in the same town in hungary in the last two months ago in hungary with the result that they were in their mother tongue.
of course, this includes the range of political and cultural rights of minorities, especially in the future.
the european parliament must recognise that sustainable economic growth is a precondition and a step but not a threat or an alternative to sustainable development.
the link between mexico and the european union has been signed as a first step towards a european union and free trade agreement with the european union.
the phase ahead of us must take the opportunity to improve and strengthen the work that has been achieved.
how can we be sure that the policy of our own countries is not in the process of planning and in terms of the content.
all this still makes no sense if there is no common definition of serious infringements.
de mr president-in-office, the question you raised by you concerns us very much.
we will continue down this path for us in this regard.
month for month, several thousand people are fleeing from the country.
the official turkish side of the turkish side are quite different.
the main reason for this is that it is possible.
throughout europe, this makes it possible to allocate funds to cohesion between different regions and help them.
cs this report will continue the commission in its efforts to promote harmonisation of standards in the internal market.
perhaps we can learn from such events as the lesson that the european union is now experiencing a great deal of knowledge about the need for the european union now to have a great knowledge of what is happening in the whole community.
the main partners in the search are the international federation of the european union and the international federation of the eu and the presidency.
in the context of differenti@@ ation, we would be able to take account of external costs such as those seeking to be taken into account.
we are not so far as we are today concerned, but today we hear from an expert on how russian society is currently taking place.
the only votes in favour of the monterrey party were the only ones to get the only votes in favour and two stages.
i welcome the support of the commission and i am convinced that a compromise will also be reached with the council.
now is the best time to re@@ strain these activities because the current situation has shown that many traditional efforts are very weak and sometimes very weak.
i find this very, very shameful and it will be europe and the european idea that i am very grateful.
but it seemed to me that the commissioner is already taking the floor now.
they are a chance of taking up so far.
around 5 000 diseases of this type of effort.
that is why i voted against the report and i regret that the rapporteur has done an excellent job - politically - in the form of federalist - as i call it - a federalist piece of work.
we in the european parliament know that this problem cannot be solved by mere measures at national level.
in view of this, let me point out that we, the european parliament, are facing a major problem.
if we are not prepared to take the measures to take the measures adopted in our resolution, it will be a matter for the eu to be a step in the right direction.
the voters will need to know what the money is in these areas.
they are also looking at the increasing number of diseases in the uk.
mr president, the fight against organised crime is the subject on which the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs, which i am chair@@ ; has taken a number of resolutions.
demand is simply to increase demand for production.
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on the agenda 2000
the population is suffering for a long time, but also among the exploitation of the people.
these loans are regularly used to support projects and trade that violate the environment and workers' rights.
i also see that, for example, the whole area of the matter is left to the outside world.
according to the treaty, our aim is to ensure ever closer union of the peoples of europe.
under the leadership of the prime minister there will be two summits so that there is really enough time to achieve results.
we should not in any way provide a financial incentive for ships to be able to export their waste or to go beyond the ports at sea.
the debate is closed.
you explained why this is the case, and we can understand that.
every delay makes us
we have made every effort to ensure that such a step does not increase and ensure that the system in the new buildings is even better and that we have the opportunity to restore data.
for the equal treatment of men and women, this division of proof has already taken place.
it is the person who is well qualified to know who is well qualified knowledge and who is best placed to make that knowledge of it.
we are working on projects that will preserve the high quality of our planning.
i am always wondering what the power of europe is.
mr president, it is likely that the eu will not achieve the objectives in connection with reducing co2 emissions.
the european parliament has repeatedly said - and i would like to thank him very much for his commitment.
parliament has already pointed out to the commission that the relationship between the individual programmes is balanced, which means that the balance between the individual programmes is balanced.
i have the impression that a number of countries are acting as a number of governments in the referendum, and people are poor and they are doing the least problems.
we want to see all the actions, so eurostat must be fully involved at all times.
it is therefore not a question of the relationship with which it can be read in some cases where public and private private security.
is it planned to harmonise the rules for the provision of services and to guarantee freedom of movement in the eu, so that the rights of minors europeans and their famili@@ es?
one of the officials who has informed parliament of the commission' s indifference is not evidence of the openness, which is necessary if we want to win the confidence of european citizens.
we are of course disappointed by the results of the introduction, but it is important that we do not forget that in certain elements such as deforestation deforestation and the real historical steps have taken place, although this is not perfect.
there is a need to move away from road to rail or to reduce the burden on the existing roads.
in every country of this earth there are many different ways of talking about islamic countries and about how women are treated and dealt with and which are also influenced by religion.
it is a long way from a constitutional point of view of the need to be taken far away from the rule of law.
fingerprints cannot be allowed to happen.
unfortunately, we have been aware of many cities here.
author. - pl mr president, we have a right to wait for a long time before the oral question to be taken by the european parliament.
this is not possible.
i support human rights violations.
on the basis of such a structure, it will be possible to set up the reconstruction of the reconstruction process with more specific specific@@ ations.
we do, however, have a referendum.
it has considerably fewer staff than the relevant institutions in the member states.
however, it was also important for us to have the results of all 27 member states.
all languages can be used as a means of communicating in the union.
after the vote, i will invite the commission to report to parliament as the commissioner for the commissioner's team.
this is the reason for the commission and the committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights for the european parliament.
it is for this reason that i have been with great interest the proposed opportunities for the council to give greece.
perhaps by way of example, we would have strengthened our fear of the union and our belief that the union has a point of view.
however, i am going to make a few more general points and i would like to see us dealing with an issue in which the provision of the legal framework and the translation of legislation, in legal terms and in legal terms, can prove extremely complex.
the commission proposal is an expression of the need to create such an instrument for the decentralised and efficient management of the european union, which takes account of the urgency of the situation and the necessary exceptional efforts.
however, i do not believe that the eu is in a long-term crisis, and i think that we are going to be able to bring about a rapid reaction from the outset.
it is precisely because this is not a simple and easy matter and we have to proceed cautiously and carefully.
i agree with the proposals made by mr trakatellis and i am also in agreement with the 5 % increase which is in fact only a compensation for since 1995.
by dg health and consumer protection, special emphasis should be placed on this.
in many discussions within the framework of the interparliamentary delegation, we have been assured that all these statements do not reflect the facts.
some people believe that we are defending markets because we have been engag@@ ed.
a uniform authorisation procedure for the introduction of a decentralised and forceful authorisation procedure and a uniform authorisation procedure
we must take a firm stance against this situation.
i particularly welcome the fact that the group of the party of european socialists has put in place to ensure that organised prostitution and the treatment of thousands of women is an end.
extremely low and incompatible - some of the lives in terms of access to the social institutions - an effective community - all this is unacceptable and incompatible with the necessary respect for each human environment.
i believe that there must be a compromise that was negotiated in budap@@ est, which was negotiated by the armed forces.
for us, it is not high enough to do so.
it is an important instrument in three areas.
for years, the irish population has suffered a lack of insecurity during the introduction of a violation of the safety of others.
there are also environmental concerns about the proposal for reform.
mr president, the fight against drugs is one of the most important tasks for us as citizens and for us.
if new regulations and rules are introduced, there is a risk of competition in the areas that would suddenly gain from the implementation of the markets in the areas that will suddenly benefit and the outermost regions.
the joint high-level group chaired by the former secretary-general of the council, mr radwan@@ , has played a special part in a very constructive and productive process of consultation with the presidency.
at a time when the union is experiencing a revival of the attitudes of community solidarity in the framework of the cap, the commission's proposal for introducing a reduction in the modulation of direct payments under the cap is a new step of community solidarity.
however, i did not want to speak this evening.
we have to ask why they are doing it and whether they are doing it to earn additional money, as mr corbet@@ t.
i come to the end and will provide some services which will be offered by public administration.
thank you, madam president.
mr president, let me begin by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation in the context of this report.
we are therefore voting against the report.
today there is a very important meeting in o@@ slo@@ , which is what we can do, in order to respond to the most urgent need for humanitarian and immediate demand from a humanitarian perspective, and not just one but also institutional reconstruction of the areas and the palestinian authority.
proposal for a council decision on the community position in the field of research and technological development and demonstration efforts to community programmes in the field of research, technological development and demonstration activities
we need to know that there is a small step on the one hand and the small ones whose problem is when they have something to do with it.
at the end of the day, as coordinator of the socialist coordinator i am concerned, i can thank all the political groups for the solid work and cooperation we have done over the last five years.
in conclusion, i would like to ask the governments of europe what they have to do with this appalling effort.
it remains to be seen whether these member states are prepared to agree on a general europe-wide and uniform rule for the protection of citizens as entrepreneurs.
the commission is also working on a great deal.
we all agree that we have succeeded in creating meaningful and workable solutions to the coexistence of our fellow citizens and their neighbours, but i would also like to thank the shadow rapporteurs most warmly.
the proposal that member states should submit three reports on the efficient use of energy and compliance with the commitments made in the member states should require more work and increase the administrative burden.
the various airports of the european union should therefore provide information with the same problem.
as a starting point i believe we should not only talk about the single market, but also about european funding, because this is not about a win-win approach.
i would like you to send you a message to those who do the economic analyses in the council and the commission once again in the committee on economic and monetary affairs.
prime minister, thank you for your speech and for the presentation of the hungarian presidency.
i was right to take it up, mr fisch@@ er, and i would like to hear your views on the programme of the cardiff government in june 2008.
i am therefore convinced that bulgaria and romania will join the union without the proper functioning of the union and the proper functioning of it in the future.
as members of the european parliament, i believe that we must have a role to play in defending and promoting human rights, which is being trampled on a daily basis in nigeria.
- before the vote on amendment no 3:
that is why i am calling on your side to be in a position to take us up to.
like many others here, i would like to welcome and congratulate her.
it makes no sense for the foreign policy of the vice-president of the commission and high representative if the diplomatic service is to be returned to the diplomatic service until again.
it has always been difficult to breathe life into difficulties.
this is a matter that we should ask ourselves, and i took part in the new york in the last year.
de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, this is a new instrument and corresponds to the article 6 of the treaty of amsterdam, which takes place in other areas.
only if the conclusions of this court are to be rejected, the national parliaments must of course be rejected, if it says that the national parliaments do not have full rights, because there is not yet a european people?
in the case of a few years there have perhaps been a basis for a slap in the case for a slap in the period of international terrorism.
independence is also constantly threatened by the fight of the major powers of the fight of the major powers.
nor do i think that the commission should exercise the role of a joint action originally planned for the council.
this is still the case for regional centres, particularly local and urban areas.
it follows from this consideration that the international community must be prepared to step up its local forces.
we are going to give an example of a seminar in spain in the field of the implementation of this sector.
turning to the external dimension of our currency, i would simply like to say that our currency has proved internationally.
21. development of eu growth and employment.
this shows a bad light on the efforts of some of those who want to create a monopoly.
so, if we were to obtain a minimum of logic - the european union congress - which is a minimum of logic - the european union cannot apply laws - even if it is a question of setting a target for social protection to protect the environment, which i see as such.
i assume that the increasing number of adults will result in increasing consumers from what is known as the introduction of the euro and their vehicles in other member states.
i give the floor to mr fischler.
ecu 300 million has been spent on increasing the amount of time available.
in this parliamentary term the report will take place in the context of the relationship between the european union and the change in times of change.
therefore, the principles of free movement of transport, if this compromise were not adopted, it would also be possible to travel within austria to travel by austria.
i can tell you that the people in the uk are aware of the way in which it is done.
the countries of the eu have no other choice but to coordinate their economic policies and to coordinate their economic policies and to coordinate their economic policies and to coordinate them at our length.
that is why it is right and important to send this cultural diversity and identity to the outside political context.
i therefore call on the members once again to show a very warm attitude towards this kind of event.
china has successes in production and not by means of a race in the way in which there is a race in the way in which it can prove to be done.
they are entitled to do with their work, if they want to participate in the organisation of the nation, and also the right to make it meaningful and tough@@ .
according to the treaties, the commission is responsible for the implementation of the budget, but it is also a fact that 80 % of this type is in the hands of member states or of third countries, or with their extremely important and crucial cooperation.
mr president, we can only vote on the amendment before us and the amendment before us proposes the removal of four se@@ ctions.
i am calling for this information from the european union to be found in the european union.
in order to govern the union, the union will contribute to the strengthening of global and social and environmental issues, as well as their appropriate steps to contribute to the coherence of measures to ensure integration and greater efficiency.
at the same time, this is taking place and taking action against the movement that i represent, with all the assurances that the state is willing to under@@ hand all democratic rights.
the regulation on credit rating agencies introduced by the european parliament and the council in 2009 was a response to the regulation of their activities.
i am not in favour of the member states from the outset.
why is it not the right to propose that it is present@@ ?
we had a good debate yesterday and i would ask you to proceed with the vote.
the european union needs a political impetus and democratisation.
author. - mr president, there are some concerns that we are worried about our resolution.
that is why we in february have asked the council to give us a mandate for the opening of negotiations with switzerland on this subject.
i was in fact following the following declaration by the president of the council, in particular at the second reading of the period in 1999.
mr president, i will try to respond to the concerns expressed by mr coelho in his report.
their catch and imports do not violate laws or pose a threat to health.
certainly, the result of the forthcoming referendum must be respected, but in any case i believe that sweden should be prepared to prevent the introduction of the euro because of lack of legal convergence.
it is, of course, something that community law is being simplified and made clear, and that is something which - in practice, in particular - the opportunities to extend the scope of the process, but also mobility of professional mobility.
i am aware that we are not going to deal with the latter issue, but if i think i am concerned about the deficiencies of medical assistance in poland.
these funds could play a key role in the development of smes and companies that offer them.
i therefore believe that it is essential to ensure that the principles and recommended practices are implemented both at european and national level.
i believe that there is a clear and transparent agreement, and i believe that the candidate countries should also be involved in this.
it is also important to have improved coordination not only between the member states but also at international level.
implementing measures rule 88@@ : see minutes
farmers and rural communities have legitimate expectations of the european parliament.
moreover, it will lose their confidence in the policy if they lose their confidence in the policy if they are directly affected by these decisions that affect them directly.
tomorrow, we will be discussing a dossier in a report by mr president, which clearly shows that the eur 500 million available for 2009 was used only eur 8 million.
in my view, the report is quite right - as i think it is right - that it should be the case for girls in the islamic community.
i have voted in favour of the text of a general regulation, and i therefore voted in favour of the text.
it was the winner of the european parliament that was awarded to him in 2006.
the need for jobs, public infrastructure for health, education or water is a matter for which there is no such great degree of inequality and the level of the disease.
as i understand mr brok as an excellent expert on foreign affairs, he has become foreign minister of the future union.
i would like to expressly thank the rapporteur for his work and for the substantial improvements he has put in the commission proposal.
we should focus on this as the european union.
there has been a lot of support in the treaty, the employment policy committee.
when the european integration process started out as the european integration of the common agricultural policy, the common agricultural policy was sure that it would also be based on modern european agriculture and other specific policies.
what is more, and i agree with the text of the motion for a resolution and the oral question - i hope we will not accept the fact that the european union is based on the channe@@ l, or in part of these countries, which encourage their women to participate in the introduction of a ban.
this means that there is always more of the assumption that a link between social problems and what requires an integrated response.
the european union does not offer the same support to the working group of the european union and does not offer its full support.
in this respect, i would like to say two things to the members of the and non-attached members in response to their common agricultural policy.
mr president, my group has been very concerned for years to be able to commit new acts of terrorism against religious minorities.
praise is also worthy of praise for a binding commitment to help and to further reduce argentina and to prepare a binding commitment to a binding commitment to a reduction in the future.
the stability and execution of the guardian of the commission and its guardian is a lawyer which is the central bank and it is not because it is based on crisis situations such as those that are currently in place.
we will not increase our demands.
that is why it is also important for disadvantaged regions to be given the opportunity to use these benefits.
it would be a proposal for a european union without a third part, which the previous treaties would simply re@@ cur and thus run counter to an ambitious european level for europe.
for example, i am a very good one, for example, and i would like to make it very clear that i believe food safety is a matter of concern to us.
we have kept a relationship with democratic rules.
it is a step that the commission should pay its attention during a strike in the strike at the moment.
although commitments were made in the wake of the monterrey conference in the last mai@@ , and also relations between the syrian and syrian officials, it seems that iraq does not have sufficient cooperation.
one of the main problems is that the majority of mothers come out of the time when they are not able to, or want, first and foremost, to have clear disadvantages.
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the conclusions of the member states.
after the airlines have been able to determine for years, passengers are finally going to have a right to the quality of the g@@ ent, which they have been able to.
i would like to begin by congratulating mrs peij@@ s, on the preparation and presentation of her report.
. we voted against this report because it lacks the introduction of the european construction and lack of it.
that is why we need more europe, not an urgent need for more money.
as i have already said, in this area in the various countries, we have to agree on a common approach to the systems in individual countries, and we must therefore agree on a common approach to the debate on the importance of learning and recognition of national or regional situations.
this principle applies in all countries.
in addition, 19 amendments have been adopted which aim to strengthen the operational nature of the network or, to ensure that it provides a higher level of protection for citizens.
it is a further example of the question of the strategic ties between asia and
however, we must also concentrate on some of the less pleasant cases that we are really not fully aware of the recent counterfeiting of organised gangs and the falsification of the affair of organised gang@@ s.
the most important thing that was the fear of opening up the fear of opening up and providing information.
in order to avoid speaking time not to exceed my speaking time, i would like to say that it is important indeed to play a decisive role.
the commission also proposes seven new, extremely important political initiatives, strengthening the protection of intellectual property rights and the fight against the creation of a high-level group for competitiveness, energy and the environment and support for access to new markets for our products under fair and on.
such an agreement must also contain things that do not necessarily deal with trade - which has already been taken up, sustainability, human rights, social standards and the introduction of a great deal of attention.
of course, none of us is asking us for airlines to be able to carry out their duties without adequate recovery, and there is no evidence that airlines have ever established this.
i cannot make a comment to mr karas wherever we in the european union have already managed to achieve enormous success in our economic policies, we have enormous successes.
the clarification of these points in the second reading makes it possible to continue the proposal for the transport of dangerous goods.
i would like to congratulate turkey on all its efforts so far in this area, including the effort.
the devi@@ ations in article 10 may be that it is extremely tempting - it is likely to be a matter of great concern - it is likely to be a matter of very few days.
the freedom of the press on the expression of critical views on the government or political leaders, whether they are president or opposition is the most important guarantee.
we have strategic choices for the future of europe – such as the european galileo project, or the global strategy for a european union and a global strategy for a european level playing field, with specific reactions in the way in which it was taken in the wake of the uruguay round.
finally, he has ignored the specific interests of those airlines which represent more than 25% of air traffic, and the special conditions imposed on them.
however, i wish you all well and you will not be in the hands of the heads of government.
however, i have a question about the whole situation in the last year.
it was wrongly given the impression that the council and the commission had agreed to fund the building of the assistance building.
and this morning i listened to the president-in-office of the council that we will have to be in the future.
of course, the voice of parliament has made a very important contribution to the voice of parliament.
the truth is that it is not possible to give special attention to the need for assistance in order to make it possible to pay special attention to the need for aid, and there is no staff that are at stake.
i believe that the commission and the european union should be able to learn a great deal from the expectations of those who have been in the past.
so it is not a question of making the transition to the consumer.
in my opinion, some of the speeches made today show that the speakers in question simply do not understand what progress we have since the beginning of the first stage of emu in 1990.
in writing. - this report deals thoroughly with the causes of the economic crisis and the developments at eu level, prevention or at least in the case of the impact of future prospects.
the current commission was the first to set out on 22 november 1995 in relation to the interpretation of article 95 of the treaty.
although the proposed rate of 0.@@ 46 % of the community gdp for structural actions in the period 2000-@@ 2006, the report of the committee on regional policy, on regional policy, nobody knows how all the funding of the community budget will be in these years and what contribution the member states will make to these questions.
in addition, this action plan will strengthen the reinforcement of an independent and stimulating effort.
we fear that there is tensions between the political and the scenarios and, above all, at the speed of economic progress.
i believe that parliament should move forward as soon as possible to make a statement.
it is high time for the european parliament to return to its own european citizens.
we, as the european parliament, will not be able to stress enough of how important it is for us to work on the one hand in the area of the framework between the eurozone countries and how important it is for us to keep the link to ecofin@@ .
my friends, are now to do something about the importance of european identity, the value of solidarity.
whether we want to promote the chemical industry on the basis of the agricultural policy, there is no disagreement on this.
the report which he has presented reflects reflects the conclusions of this committee.
in the case of ten new member states, the funds have not been sufficient to date and sufficient funding for rural areas and its development, as well as the production of food production, are also essential.
in europe, these issues are an honest and sensible discussion.
as in the case of the introduction, the commission will present the draft common positions for the chapter on agriculture, regional policy, budget and institutions.
when parliament and the members of the temporary committee on the alleged use of european countries by the cia for the use and illegal detention of prisoners in our work, i did not very much expect what we could achieve because many of the practices that have been mentioned.
some were heard.
in addition, the european union will be subject to very strong and subject to a considerable amount of pressure and for passenger cars already in the european union.
i believe that it will lead to disruption of the market and european airlines should be banned.
in his report, mr cashman also firmly – and i would like to stress that our committee is so important because it is in direct contact with the citizens.
thank you very much, commissioner fischler.
the group also condemns the european parliament's christian democrats and the alliance of the major groups, the socialists, the christian democrats and european conservatives in the future of agriculture, the budget of heading 1 of the financial perspectives for the european union.
the debate will be resumed at 3 p.m.
i am also glad to see that the social democrats have thought that it is not a good idea to vote against it.
thank you very much.
we therefore know that at least the question of the intellectual property of this convention, we must ask ourselves why this has been tabled.
we must even give a new impetus to the barcelona process, with the aim of making the mediterranean genuinely a concerted effort to bring about the mediterranean.
syria must play a role in the hands of terrorists who cross their territory from the border on iraq.
it was the beginning.
the procedure proposed in the report by mrs randzio-plath for the introduction of an interinstitutional agreement involving the council, the commission and the european parliament offer the citizens of europe the right to raise the issues of growth and job creation.
these include the plans for the introduction of the foundations, freedom, and solidarity, diversity and respect for the principle of the eu.
it is a case that technology is at a huge speed and it is changing and the markets are constantly being re@@ established.
i would like to make it clear that the unification of europe cannot be finalised as long as it does not affect the balkan countries.
the summit is also an opportunity to know from the first hand where the priorities of russia are concerned with the european union.
mozambique has today been 19 million in nine years and only 13 million of them will have died of aids.
it is a pity that the european council and the commission have come here to see that they take action to solve the financial and budgetary discipline in the context of budgetary discipline and that it is present to create the working group as a major catalyst for long-term measures.
i believe that the amendment is an appropriate compromise.
that was the big contribution.
consequently, i cannot accept the critical position of the lamassoure report.
in this respect, i would like to thank the rapporteur for accepting our amendments.
i have tried to speak before the vote on this report, but i was not given the opportunity to speak.
i would therefore like to know at least whether our recommendations will be taken into account.
their economy is in a position to be and it is clear that a way out of this crisis is needed.
has the council taken into account the position of non-governmental organisations and the lawyers who have been used for the establishment of the ic@@ ic@@ ?
unfortunately, it is their struggle for the rights of citizens to be fought and done.
moreover, if we are to delete these subsidies, we would also be doing something about it.
the report does not make any link to the european union or only to the financial support authorities by the eu to combat terrorism and to prosecute those responsible inside and outside the security forces.
according to the report, fishermen should be more closely involved rather than just looking at hunting in the search and a visa.
the preamble takes the form of a thorough opinion of your parliament, which we have taken into account.
but we are a responsible government, and we are looking at the situation and there is no cause for concern.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to say that we are taking a rather different approach to the issue and try to make a distinction between what we are agreed on, namely the ban on the part of people and what we perhaps do not agree on.
first of all, the fact that we are very often in contact with the citizens is in contact with what is expressed here by us.
neither i nor my colleagues can support a commission which, frankly, quite frankly, continues to be the case.
it is systematic and violent for the reasons and ground to punish them for supporting the opposition and to buy them in order to buy the voices of the farmers and buy the voices of farmers.
as high as the environmental standards set for the use of nuclear energy in the agenda for cooperation with candidate countries, i refer to the matter of the dur@@ ation.
the text also takes note of the fact that in our society at present, there are various types and, in particular, certain types of resistance, so that any discrimination against migrants, which would be unfounded.
as the sole responsibility for certain parts of the community is concerned, the member states in their respective member states will implement the protocol to ensure that the implementation of which we vote is supported by our vote.
it aims to enforce the interests of monopolies with a view to the peoples of europe themselves and in third countries.
corbett report
we have asked for the participation of the states in order to ensure that artists are carried out in all countries.
we also need to accept what diversity and flexibility are called for.
the commission too is actively involved in combating this situation, and in particular the fight against trafficking in children and in particular in the fight against child trafficking, which mrs gradin in september 1996.
you have always had an open mind for members of parliament.
however, we are not starting a debate on this.
not so long ago, i took part in the efforts and there was unfortunately a lot of students who were illegally trying to penalise those who were illegally trying to penalise them by reading or writing them out of articles.
they are in favour of consolidation of the democratic systems of the introduction of restructuring in order to adapt them not only to our acquis but also to ensure that they work as a catalyst and promote good neighbour@@ liness and solidarity between these countries.
needless to say, we all follow the same goal, and we must of course have two months of our positions, for which we have now two months.
but that is why the union must of course be able to speak with one voice on the outside world and adopt a single european diplomacy.
in view of the social dumping of some third countries, the aid granted to the system must be maintained within the framework of a system that enables the purchase of european shipy@@ ards.
it is very closely linked to public health services and should, in the first place, to pursue the people with a secure and efficient way of thinking as a result of recital e.
it is important to turn to schools, but also to those who take the environment as such as if they were to be able to do themselves.
in my opinion, if germany and a number of years have now come to the road of improvements, i do not believe that any reason for all the more reason for the reason to be less than you would benefit from surprisingly strong economic growth and yet to provide consumers with money.
now that is our car.
a good example of an initiative by the authorities in the fight against child pornography is a good example of an initiative by the finnish police and the fingerprints of the information on the web@@ .
irrespective of the above, however, i would like to draw attention to the responsibility of a state based on the right to freedom of expression.
that is why i have the answer to the slovak government that these practices do not really take place.
as mrs de palacio has said, if the icao cannot achieve this, we will have to consider differentiation in terms of the restrictions on the use of those living in airports in which it is a question of the interpreters.
madam president, this parliament is calling on the same neoliberal agenda for the european union and the social democrats, although in the wake of the left, the same neo-liberal agenda which is going to pay for the current crisis of international capitalism.
we all want to create harmonious societies, and we must of course see what we can do to help china develop a society in its development to a society that is considered by every citizen as a whole.
the next item is the report by mr de guch@@ t, on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs, security and defence policy, on the challenges of a global governance and the reform of the eu.
madam president, i must once again raise something which has already been the subject of my questions to the rules of procedure.
i believe that we must take two elements in the first priority, namely asylum and immigration policy must be the best way of organising legal immigration and the protection of those who are in danger or of protection.
a few additional days in the direction of a review are certainly useful.
the next item is the debate on the report by mrs morgantini, on behalf of the committee on development, on the impact of the economic partnership agreements epas.
those who controls them.
the fourth meeting of the stabilisation and reconciliation between the european union and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia was held on 24 july.
the day-to-day life of the company is today in a global world that globalisation would be in the process of globalisation, that is to say that it is not only the big or large companies involved, but also small and medium-sized enterprises as well.
in my own community, my house is supporting the construction of a decentralised plan and a private carrier is willing to invest 150 to 200 million in this area.
first of all, we need to freeze the agreement with russia to freeze russia and georgia at the same time with georgia.
i would like to ask the commissioner, the study which is being drawn up.
in the context of a public service which has been published today, over 27 000 citizens have been published across the eu and 1 000 citizens in ireland on their views as we can get out of the crisis.
we know that in a large part of the area of the territory there is a sense that we should be able to take a step in the fight against human rights violations.
this is where we need to take a step in this area in the tru@@ est sense of the day.
in particular, the need to take account of small and medium-sized enterprises in defining the rules and joint meetings in order to take account of their particular characteristics.
it is not enough in the light of the fact that the european union is to contribute to strengthening and modernising the services of state companies.
however, we are talking about the community or the member states.
in scotland it calls for strict provisions to be taken as a catalyst for lawyers to look at the participation of crimes that are protected from the involvement of crime.
in writing. - sv the majority in this parliament once again proves how to do it, because the outcome of referendums has clearly not worth the idea of referendums.
the gue/ngl group welcomes and supports the regulation.
we also have new thematic priorities, namely security and space and socio-economic research.
that is why we in the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats have closed this agreement with the socialist group and we have given you our support.
in writing. - i abstained from voting on amendment 8 concerning a tax on financial transactions.
finally, i will make a few comments on other issues.
at the end of april, the council of europe has written to the convention and calls for a reduction in the age of the active and passive right to vote in 16 years.
mr president, the civil government in my country denmark has today recognised internationally recognised as the head of the so-called institute for the efforts of the government of the so-called institute to be abolished.
deregulation at eu level is important to reduce unnecessary rules and bureaucracy.
that is why we need a thorough impact assessment of the introduction of a decentralised and forceful impact assessment, and their impact on the social and economic situation of the union and cultural diversity.
in writing. - pt the adoption of the directive was an important step in the fight against it.
in the current economic climate, the value of the doha round is clearly increasing.
the first is the accession of the whole island, provided that it has been resolved by copenhagen on the basis of the proposal by kofi ann@@ an.
the eight conventions of the international labour organisation ilo in the eight conventions of the international labour organisation relate in particular to the right and the right to call for the elimination of discrimination in the workplace and of the union.
the conference will take place in geneva in july.
in this way, the european parliament's approach to emphasising the budgetary procedures of the member states must be harmonised and the same conditions must be given to the loss of monetary union.
we have strengthened these rights in an additional way.
this underlines the overall objectives relating to the quality of the case and the point.
we are talking about deadlines for eight years.
i would like to add that the contributions of the individual member states are fairly restrictive.
as you will be aware, your fellow members of the need to convince the member states on the basis of a series of new revenue so that the member states will be able to obtain new income - provided they themselves are already in place.
the presidency is already dealing with the issue of developing further efforts on this subject, and the council will discuss these issues at its meeting in june, on the subject of justice and home affairs.
firstly, we are proposing a common definition of terrorist acts and the establishment of one of the severity of these acts.
i believe that today we should look at more than ever, as part of a concerted unit in a national balance to meet the major challenges that await future generations.
we have no reason to make the expertise or objectivity of that committee.
if we had the commissioner as a possibility, it would be very helpful.
despite the significant differences between the different systems, i believe that the european union should take the direction of the direction that needs to be taken by all member states.
much has been said today about the overcoming of the crisis.
i believe that the european parliament should also support the best possible solutions for mothers and children.
mr barroso is perfectly capable of bringing europe to these new objectives and to protect the interests of rights and freedoms.
the commission has improved its procedures for drawing up reports according to the court of auditors.
this is the case, because europe has been losing its lives in the millions of our fellow citizens.
it was not so long ago that there was a magic collapse along those who were dominated by totalitarian communist regimes from the democratic world.
the community has made a significant contribution to this, in comparison with other sectors of the community.
i have tabled two amendments in this respect, 7 and 8, and i hope the rapporteur can agree with that.
should brussels take decisions on decency or member states in member states.
with regard to the second category - other third-country nationals residing illegally in the territory of a member state - are the competent authorities of the member states in the run-up to a situation and/or with regard to the enforcement of such a right category in this category.
– mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work he has done on achieving the interests of all of us and achieving an optimum compromise.
achieving this objective will be facilitated by the reform of the structural funds, in which a reduction in the number of objectives has been agreed.
i will present parliament with the new expectation once these are completed by the current one.
do we want to make up by 2010 of the eu and the area of the world?
our intention is therefore to create a strong, coherent and clear framework that will be prevented from the outset.
we must make it clear that gender equality must also play a central role in the lisbon process.
why is so often lacking.
is it too much to ask for the own resources to commit themselves to the fact that what we said in 2006 - the council, the commission and parliament - have had to say in the statement that it continued to do?
only in paris for airports in paris alone is at risk.
we should now only offer bosnia and herzegovina a stabilisation and association agreement without giving them any guarantee of membership.
i would like to explain why i cannot accept the proposed draft.
the reason for this is that it is often possible only to have a small share of the market share and that it can be very ambitious.
people are and people are looking for them.
the second obstacle was that the greatest grouping of israeli rights, who has never seen any willingness to show any willingness to make it just the slightest cut in the short term for israel, would only have the slightest cut in his own efforts to achieve peace.
i very much welcome this commitment, together with all the members of my group - and perhaps all of the member states.
for years, italy and spain have been calling for english to be recognised as the only one in the area of occupation.
it is also a major problem that parliament wants to talk about transparency and it is demanding that the other institutions remain in the dead letter.
as far as the situation is concerned, it is also true that we want a clear position from the commission.
if the company is genuinely clear that it is also part of the responsibility for the creation of the necessary human resources, they will also be able to show what the citizens will be able to offer when they participate in the process of leading activities.
the aim of bringing about 21 is to deepen the understanding of the concerns of air and space in europe and to take action to ensure that the european aerospace is a comprehensive contribution to the european future.
it is in this spirit that we must of course all political, diplomatic or commercial resources, but it is also clear that it has to be guaranteed and unconditional access to the need to ensure that they can comply with the existence of weapons of mass destruction.
the future must be to take account of the future in the area of the institutions, but even more about the amsterdam treaty, which already contains many new measures for a union of life.
i welcome the recommendations and comments of the rapporteur.
for details of the outcome of the vote: see minutes
there are also principles which we continue to recommend in full, and i also recommend that you retain my proposed wording of article 31 rather than the protests against bilateral agreements that are in reality represent a step in the right direction.
one thing that makes me wonder why a lot of lower charges should be imposed on a lot lower than that for them.
pt only a few months ago, some of the opinion that the treaty of lisbon would never come into force.
mr president, today the fight for human rights must be no more than no more than anything else, and it cannot be won through or through any effort.
germany will also be able to meet the conditions in the next two years – this year in any case – the conditions will not be met.
finally, on the question of the amendments adopted by the committee, i would say that only three of them were adopted by a large majority.
parliament has often stressed that the regional organisations and their agreements have a priority.
we must also fight for equal rights for men and women and to fight for women at a political level.
i very much welcome the call from president prodi for information campaigns for the general public.
more than half of europeans are women.
in this way, the introduction of the eu initiative and the moderate elements of the ability to act.
if the issue of the form is raised, we are told that we must talk about politics.
it has to be said very clearly that the proposal from the temporary committee would make us worse off the job as a result.
i am pleased that the minister has now given the assurance that this will be dealt with quickly and perhaps by the appropriate time it could make the relevant contribution to the exchange of exchange, which we are before this house before this house and its personal assur@@ ances.
china is now an economic and political player in a global player.
our proposal for progress and social development is based on peaceful and not targeted objectives.
the eu is far less involved in opening and resettlement of refugees from third countries in comparison with the united states and canada.
however, my question, commissioner, is what i wanted to try to do something.
i hope that the countries have the mentality to be constructive, so that a better report can be presented in october.
i would caution against the fact that we are in a case of effort.
if we compare with the retail retail industry, then it is as if we were to support a great deal of effort, such as that we are supporting and small tra@@ ders.
i am very glad that this has actually proved that we are right in this house, even though it was a controversial one or other side in this house.
we in this house and all those who took part in the g8 last week know that every year of children aged up to five years because they do not have access to vaccines that have been for us in the so-called west for 30 years.
in fact, i do not think that the proposals contained in the report in the light of tobacco are not only for the sake of but also for the eu.
social progress in europe must not hide behind economic progress.
all the member states must submit their targets.
i thank the commissioner for his reply.
after all, people are more important than ever in the past.
at this time of economic crisis, in which the workers are the first to have to pay for the mistakes of the euro, the commission has a duty to consider now more strongly than before in the negotiations on an agreement with the effect on jobs.
sv mr president, i am of course very pleased that we are now able to adopt the directive on how we can adopt the directive.
the second step to macedonia should be directed at the kla that is what is called for.
in 2006 there is only one single one in which the bananas from africa and the banana producers and the banana are in the process of taking place.
after all, we must not forget the air in closed areas where we sometimes spend more than 80% of our time.
we are in a position to do so in the case of eu planning.
amendments nos 32 and 48 seek to amend what should be withdrawn from the capital, so as to prevent what should be done from capital to prevent what is termed what is termed the introduction of capital.
i welcome the commission's attention to nature in europe.
on the basis of this approach, we can see that there has now been a conflict which was in fact in practice and that the albanian population should now have a conflict which was in fact in a practical manner.
it is the nature of the people and the world that we live in a certain damage.
the only area in which a visible development has taken place was that of corruption, but unfortunately in the last few months we have at least every day that the prospect of the government of the albanian government is taking place every day.
decisions on european defence policy should not be taken in washington as in the past.
madam president, i would like to ask you to send a letter to the committee to clarify whether this is the case, and if it may be, so that we may no longer be able to take a decision from this committee so long that this discrimination has been introduced.
but the really crucial area is heading 5. the council will of course try to agree on its proposals for heading 5.
i can personally do nothing about this.
there was a reference to the successor to the successor to the introduction of a referendum.
the european parliament is prepared to adopt its position through the report by mr la@@ os.
there are some aspects of pension schemes at eu level, such as compliance with the requirements of the stability and growth pact and the eu.
no one has expressed the wish expressed the floor.
i would like to hear the idea of the fishermen of the fishermen who are to be affected by them.
the criteria should be based on a scientific analysis and evaluation of the whole range of programmes.
granting discharge means a degree of responsibility and this responsibility can only be taken if we are to obtain information.
fr mr president, much has been said about mutual recognition.
if expenditure is to be higher than planned, it is a pity but if it is lower than that, it would automatically be a good start.
it is true that there is a need for adequate and adequate financing of all the european union and this does not mean that the money should be too high.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, in the name of the execution and mr howitt and mr howitt on behalf of the fingerprints of mr stu@@ ff, and others, on behalf of the member and mckenna in the canary islands.
secondly, we should take a number of important political initiatives.
firstly, we must improve not only the level of research and development, but also of its implementation.
it reminds me of the possibility of 'the perpetr@@ ators.
in the context of the new era, we need not only a decentralised but we need, as mr schwaiger said, to implement the necessary measures in the implementation of the necessary measures.
for years, this parliament has been calling for the legal establishment of the code of eu and the council to adopt this decision.
any unilateral and exclusively military reaction is doomed to failure.
we call on the council and the commission to reconsider its policy towards russia, including the negotiations on the commencement of this country with a view to the cease-@@ fire.
amendment no 4 concerns a reduction in small quantities in the member states.
nevertheless, i do not understand why the commission has to show that a certain percentage of objective and a different percentage of objective - and so much more for europe - must be used.
that is the reason for my three amendments.
european universities must include the young people of belarus who were excluded from the universities following their political activities as a result of their political activities and in belarus under the leadership.
however, our concern – the necessary protection of geographical ties, without setting up a price – should simply be postponed.
as we saw at the beginning of a few years we will see that the disadvantages of the single currency will show their benefits by far a long way and their costs incurred by a long way from the profits they are made.
the germans must accept that they are either involved in the creation of a single european union and their statements by law or that they act and defend their own interests over the interests of the eu.
there are clear promises about which we must talk about fairness, and when we talk about fairness, we are talking about fairness towards both countries, with bulgaria and romania.
please tell us, madam president-in-office of the council, whether there is really room for this kind of european initiative and if not, why is it not for any reason.
we are asking - although this is not yet right now - that this should also apply to the implementation of this year.
in addition, the budget must be attached to a specific report by every year at the instigation of the g@@ ent, why these funds are not used and how and when they are to be used.
mr president, i have to say quite honestly that i am in favour of the way in which we are debating this wide-ranging issue - which perhaps we quite rightly discuss this wide-ranging issue.
allow me the following introductory words, mr president.
we must stand up for the interests of future generations and must not allow us to be guided by elections and referenda.
the president cut off the speaker
however, in all the member states - in the north of the south - responsibility - in the north of the south - to be given responsibility for the reception of migrants, the processing of applications with financial and other aid and also on integration and enforcement and enforcement of the implementation.
we have heard here that we are to send out a ambassador to the world.
i have a specific question to commissioner liikanen on the opinion of the scientific committee on the preparation of a statement.
the report underlines the negative impact of the situation in the scientific and scientific evidence.
i have the feeling that the treaty of lisbon and the budgetary matters that it raises is a bit of a great deal like the one hand and we do not know exactly how it will be.
today it wants to see a return to rome.
however, i do not know if you want to accept my congratulations.
the rest of the world is already aware of this.
as the debate has already been mentioned, this excellent motion for a resolution has only been tabled.
these are people who are living in and today i hope that the european union will play a very constructive role when it comes to helping them to return to their reintegration as soon as they come from neighbouring countries.
that concludes the vote.
i believe that the proposal is therefore to be welcomed as a whole, but we must look at it in the context of the green paper that we are debating here in this house and which will cover the problem of supplementary pension schemes.
this means that it was considered to be a step in the disappearance of the disappearance of a sector which would inevitably lead to the unemployment of millions of workers, and this scenario was agreed at the time when the european union was in the fight against unemployment.
i was disappointed by the commission's proposals, which really had its borders, and i hope that parliament's proposals will be taken up and that the commission will also submit proposals in connection with the effort.
i object to the fact that the eu is more and more involved in national efforts and corruption.
in this connection, the report is based on the fact that information is currently available on the need to comply with data on information provided by international agencies in the fisheries sector.
mr president, according to declaration no 6 in the annex to the treaty on the european community, the community is committed to encouraging the community to spread across the existing member states of the european union and third countries in which the currency of the union is closed.
let me also refer to the other projects.
illegal immigrants in particular are a problem here because they cannot be regulated and controlled by barely regulated and controlled.
the treaty of lisbon, and this is a matter for the rest, ladies and gentlemen, gives us the means and the strength of the necessary political will to be in order to improve the current situation.
emu is also excluded from sustainable development at a moment.
decentralised efforts
in this case, we can only succeed if the three institutions work together.
i think it is important to create the framework conditions for this authority.
the eu must examine whether it is possible to send a civilian european union monitoring mission to georgia.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the drastic reduction in the efforts of the introduction to the market in question and the introduction of increased competition require rapid procedures for the placing on the market and for example and
how can we explain in prague that the european parliament is in danger of taking a step in the direction of a dispute with the services of parliament, when it comes to the introduction of the debate on the financial aspects of enlargement.
the proposals for changing the amount required from 29 to 32 posts and also to the horizontal increase in the required signatures of 29 to 32 do not help to weaken those small groups whose importance is more than clear in the recent times.
mr president, the barcelona process is the support of the southern mediterranean in its development and independence.
we need a reinforcement of dialogue with it.
why will the netherlands be given some eur 1 000 for every dismiss@@ al, eur 1 000 and denmark will receive eur 1 000.
i know that is the third pillar, but it is a question of political life.
i cannot see that in the text.
that is now 16 years.
we do, however, understand the doubts and support expressed by the so-called decentralised financing of the provision services.
author. - madam president, i put the eu in 2005.
when i was a man in which i took the floor, i would like to make a different starting point.
but in my view it cannot and should not be allowed to interfere with the internal political parties, otherwise there is a risk that democracy will itself be sacrificed in this respect.
the bse crisis should be a lesson to us.
i am in a position to try and understand that.
is that not a terrible answer.
as the commissioner said, lebanon is now part of lebanon in the framework of the european union.
they are talking about european identity and the fundamental nature of the union to make their true conviction that a country with a majority of the people of accession should never be allowed to join it.
documents received: see minutes
in a nutshell, humanitarian aid for iraq at the beginning of april and commissioner bonino has given rise to serious humanitarian implications.
our exchange of views and our cooperation with regard to the package of climate change and energy policy may be seen as well as international negotiations in the run-up to the process of climate and energy policy.
we need more mobility.
written statements rule 149
it was a different member from a different group from a different political group - mr president, you would have given him the floor straight away.
i would like to add that, in the commission's view, the introduction of negotiations which will also include a political dialogue with the inclusion in the interests of iran and the european union - see the conclusions of 17 june - apart from the fact that the trade and cooperation agreement will also contain a human rights clause.
the government of the united states has played an important and positive role because it has finally been the foundation stone for the internet of us in the united states.
at present, mr president, mr winkler, president of the czech republic, the only person who decided to oppose this type of lisbon was trying to oppose it.
es madam president, i believe that the day we have heard a great deal of good today has been the alliance of civilisations and the charter of fundamental rights, which was supported by president and the kofi ann@@ an.
it is therefore not surprising that many people who are persecuted in other countries are threatened or are seeking refuge here.
the next item is question time.
my last point is that our troops now turn thanks to aid from russia and other countries.
so, then, the european community and the member state of the european union must realise that the current system does not bring benefits.
the aim of the agreement is to cooperate with the safeguarding of a holistic protection of the development of a holistic protection and sustainable development, including the development of an integrated approach to the situation.
if in any case, i believe that it is always the case that the people should decide on the one hand, and that is the choice.
mr president, commissioner, i think it is good that the council has its own reform.
this time, it is only natural that certain regions in greece have been affected, and it is only natural that we call on the commission and the european parliament to express their support with the people concerned, and here too, the problem.
i naturally voted in favour of the proposal.
it is a very thorough study which has been carried out in the wake of serious research, and i am grateful to you for that.
it is up to the member states to take the necessary measures.
there is no reason to celebra@@ tes the geneva meeting, fifty years after the period was established.
the next item is the report by mr radwan@@ , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market, on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the prevention of environmental damage and the rehabilitation of the environment.
member of the commission. - i believe that this is one of the most important ideas we need to develop.
nl fortunately, the swedish presidency is at the end of the day, as far as it is concerned.
however, it is not enough for these countries to be able to actually benefit from the market access even more so as to enable the market to actually gain benefits.
that is why we rejected it.
a currency has negative consequences for all of us whether we are members of the euro zone or not.
mr president, on behalf of the committee on budgetary control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for the implementation of the budget, respect for the implementation of the budget of the member states and the european development fund for the financial year 2007 -
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see minutes
it is true that last year, hundreds of prisoners were released, hundreds of prisoners were released, but they were very few of the political ones.
at the beginning of november last year, the eu delegation had the place of finland at the time of the presidency of finland at the time.
canada is now threatening the wto.
i congratulate the portuguese presidency on the way in which he chaired the conciliation process, but i hope that parliament will manage to secure improvements in this respect.
the use of the latest scientific findings as a tool can help us in the task of the task ahead of us.
i can only share your view.
the aim of the programme was to distribute those who had previously lost several years earlier.
we are committed to creating a more effective fight against fraud involving eu funds.
for us, of course, the opinion of the turkish democrats and the fighters in the human rights organisations is, of course, extremely important.
however, it must not be overlooked that, despite the measures that have been taken with the aim of a more comprehensive energy security, there is still much greater effort to ensure that we see the light at the end of the tunnel.
for the first time, you have a legal basis for the fact that someone who receives a salary is given the first step in the right direction.
however, i would like to emphasise another value that i regard as the absolute core of this initiative, which we all support and which we have helped to achieve - that is, the political gain from this initiative.
if no concrete actions are to be followed by no concrete action, any credibility will lose credibility.
that is already in itself.
while a number of member states such as denmark undertook with binding targets, other member states will have to start almost from scratch.
this matter has not been sufficiently discussed in depth and the poor people who have made it possible to find a substitute for this without a replacement have also been taken into account.
these days, in fact, must not be the same for all countries.
the hard core of the situation will be to be put to the hard core of the scenes of kosovo.
if you do not read or read your officials, it will be a step in the right direction.
some believe that this plan could not serve as a model but one could be tempted as it could not be possible to create a workable system for the protection of minorities.
this state of affairs can be changed with commitments on equal opportunities and equal opportunities.
i would also like to mention the introduction of the legislation in this connection.
i am sure that we agree that, as requested in the resolution, the french government has promised the compensation figures and that it must cover all kinds of damage.
if so, i should like to sit back and wait for something to be done.
furthermore, the internet is constantly trying to restore the possibility of large-scale fraud at the expense of patients, too.
together, we have provided help with those who had hope to suffer from humanitarian disasters, more than i could mention from the western balkans to the congo and to our current work in a situation in which we in the western balkans are in vain.
many small and medium-sized enterprises have previously taken advantage of them, they would have too little access to capital and the programmes of the european union.
to the advantage of high incomes and large enterprises are now going to take a positive and public expenditure in a very negative way.
there is no doubt that a problem we must face to deal with the understandable decision by the commission yesterday by the court of ecofin following the decision of the ecofin council.
it is only today that we have to follow specific legislation in a field that has naturally followed specific legislation.
madam president, i very much welcome the fact that we are dealing with the situation in the context because it is a very serious situation.
if the responsibilities of the member states are to understand and show solidarity at the beginning of the term, not - as the european parliament has requested - individual commissioners can be voted on individual commissioners, so the responsibility lies with the commission as a whole.
in fact, these amendments represent a negotiating mandate of parliament with the council at the next stage in the event of a decision which the commission will set on 29 october.
it is important that we take these risks into account and which are based on clear rules, and that is why it is so important to regulate the recognition and authorisation of the european union as a whole.
i hope that both parliament and the council support this initiative and i would like to thank the young union for the efforts it has taken forward.
the council has been officially informed by the turkish government on the grounds for this postponement and the final date for the introduction of the new and if so, what will it be done by the turkish government.
that can sometimes be a problem.
i know that some members were worri@@ ed.
in my report i deal with three points and i would like to do that today.
draftsman of the opinion of the committee on agriculture and rural development.
the european central bank is fully and it is also necessary.
i thank you for your contribution, and i hope that all the participants in the internal market will be able to get to grips with all market players and, above all, to see them more.
some of the recommendation would therefore have preferred others to be made redundant.
we should be realistic when discussing the content of the treaty and its advantages and disadvantages.
that is why my group is going to support part of the amendments tabled by the group of the greens/european free alliance.
in principle, all the political groups are agreed but our amendment is something that concerns the financial implications.
for years there has been insufficient involvement in developing countries in the field and the training of medical care.
we agree with that.
it is time for the european commission to reduce the expensive administrative procedures because they are not in the long term because they are not in the long run.
i therefore call on the commission to pay particular attention to the fact that there is a real consensus between the various policies and particularly within the selected areas.
the situation is constantly changing and the risks are very great.
it would hardly be anyone else who came to a dossier that was simply a dossier that was not familiar with its content and which would simply give a full response to it.
it is essential that parliament can manage its work properly, it is essential that it has better information.
it would be such a step in the direction of the introduction of the blood and thus his death.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i believe that there are undoubtedly some interesting elements and some important opportunities for us in this regard as regards new forms of innovation.
the better harmonisation of the proposed measures proposed by the european commission and by the rapporteur is therefore a good example of all european businesses, since this would make it easier to make it easier for all european companies to be able to be reduced.
it was not able to adopt a draft budget and in parliament to adopt a draft budget for two months in the european parliament for a period of two months for a long time that was not able to adopt a draft budget and in parliament.
such cooperation exists today and i firmly believe that the eu should not try to take this work or interfere in this area.
action taken on the declaration of the debate in november 2008 declaration
according to this famous article, agreements between companies or harmonised behaviour have been banned if this distorts competition and trade between member states.
secondly, i would appeal to romania and bulgaria, to allow romania to join us in the autumn to wait until the end of the autumn.
in this respect, it is not possible to identify and unacceptable inaction on the part of the commission.
incidentally, we in this parliament were agreed that this year should not be a matter for a start, and the commission's new action plan addresses precisely these concerns.
this exemption applies to all the files including ordinary citizens and those who travel for a variety of reasons.
guinea is in the process of bankruptcy.
this is an insult to our efforts.
one party is at european and international level when it comes to its own country.
one important question concerns the organisation of the actual decisions concerning chemical substances.
mr president, the confederal group of the european left - nordic green democrats, welcomes all community initiatives to improve the fight against fraud in the community.
in this area, the european union must develop its own identity.
madam president, a few days ago the assurances that they are prepared to show concrete solidarity to the member states who are most affected by the disease.
today, we can be proud of all this, and tomorrow we will hopefully be proud of this and we will have every reason to be proud of what we do.
in category 3 there is a mistake in the vote on the committee on budgets, which was adopted by a very narrow majority in the committee on budgets - if it cannot be corrected.
in order for clarity to everyone is to conduct the private lives, it is not a question of making a statement.
but this is not the table@@ : it is a programme for the member states.
make a summit with the americans.
finally, i would like to urge parliament to seek a broad consensus on the adoption of amendment no 37 on the conditions for access to employment.
we have always fought against the artificial divisions in the wake of the struggle and we fought for europe back on both sides.
that is why it is a president of the president-in-office of the council to say that you are just as president of the commission here that we are united and strong as europeans, that we want to live in friendship and partnership with all our neighbours, on the basis of human rights, democracy, freedom, social and above all.
the sixth point is that we have been maintained, but we have not managed to put a stop to it.
as far as drug trafficking is concerned, we should have a very serious introduction, for their efforts and their cooperation.
there is no doubt that saddam hussein was a leading dictator and the death of many of his fellow countrymen and the death of many of his fellow countrymen is not least with the systematic attempt to eradicate it.
we agree that measures to improve the daily lives of children and their access to education, information and culture.
what are the ones who do not only intervene in the event of intervention or merely proposals for solutions to a difficult situation.
from my own experience i know that the opposite is the case.
a very specific problem will be resolved tomorrow, because the council will then adopt the directive on the audiovisual european parliament's amendments at its meeting of the directive on the audiovisual sector.
i would also like to ask three more questions on the one hand to the decision on cooperation in order to strengthen poverty by institutional strengthening and other instruments.
it sounds like a good principle, but on which basis the burden is shared by the burden.
i would like to draw up those member states which are aware of this danger in the deployment and processing of the method of the deployment of the member states, which are to be aware of the danger and to review the legal framework so as to allow the possibility of carrying out the possibility of carrying out an external effort.
a stronger emphasis on the operational efforts of the member states at the level of the level playing field is a stronger emphasis on the operational effort.
i think that we would like to see the parents would almost be able to invest much in the protection of their own children.
many of us believe that the aim of reducing poverty is a step towards the streamlining of public finances.
it is the question of what is more sensible in what cases in what cases are to be made more concrete.
however, we should not be over-@@ optimistic about this.
however, genuine integration requires efforts on both sides.
it is very much to be welcomed, because if we do not do this and the citizens do not participate in our programme, because if we do not do so, we will have the survival of this community at stake.
this is why i hope that this regulation will send the first strong signal of the european parliament to an increasingly stringent approach in the field of safety on the streets of europe, a signal that shows that europe is taking place and taking account of the concerns of its citizens.
we believe that these objectives are broadly supported by the present resolution.
in this case, our words as weapons and supporting those people in iran who are fighting for genuine freedom - are an objective which they hope to achieve.
article 25@@ 6 provides for the commission to establish whether a third country has an appropriate level of protection for the transfer of personal data from the european union.
it will not be a subject tabo@@ o.
furthermore, during this part-session, we have better information from the european network on the one hand in the field of the european network.
but the crucial point in our resolutions is that we now believe that we have the opportunity to start new negotiations on the future of tibetans and on a step towards self-@@ government.
after the current events, it would be time to introduce a bottom-up approach.
i would like to ask the commissioner to comment on official statements that indicate that russia will be able to fulfil its energy resources to asia if members of the european union do not meet certain conditions.
in its interim report for the spring european council, the commission has set out a number of directions for the future internal market.
i feel that it would be a black@@ list, and these companies should be on a blacklist list.
the socialist group will join the african colleagues in a fundamental debate on this subject at the next joint assembly.
for the northern dimension to perform their tasks needs a stable financial foundation.
in addition, the public know that this budget does not cover the costs of the implementation of the treaty of lisbon, which is through a back door.
it is obvious that the eu strategy for reform of the un is largely more concerned with respect for european global interests.
i want to make three brief points.
the current legislation on the protection of animals at the time of slaughter dates from 1993 and is definitely not in line with the latest developments in the field of animal health and the eu.
the decentralized authorities assume that these terrible crimes cause the disappearance of many people, including children.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i cannot really do anything else to thank the house for its broad support for this proposal from all sides of the house.
i repeat my conviction that the inclusion of the european development fund in the budget will allow greater efficiency, democratic control, participation and development policy, as is the case in other policy areas.
parliamentary investigations are necessary, in particular in countries such as my own country, ireland, for which has been demonstrated that 50 000 and irish airports have been spent on egypt, including in an irish airport.
i have my doubts.
does the commission believe that there are good reasons for doing so.
so let me repeat that we should only ask ourselves politically, which we can actually implement in practice.
these problems have already been mentioned and relate mainly to the division of responsibilities between local and national authorities and the authorities at european level.
israel, this wonderful country, israel, which has a response to the history of human history, israel has the right to express our complete solidarity with israel.
we have a political and moral responsibility, but you also stressed that we are facing a political and moral responsibility, especially as regards human rights and freedom of expression.
mr president, i have already responded to you earlier and i stand by it.
there is no doubt that it is necessary for trade and for trade and geographical indications for agricultural products, to be implemented and to promote the internationalisation of small and medium-sized enterprises.
it does not stop there.
however, we must point out that it must be ensured that interventions in the very dangerous and complex situations such as those that are often taken place in the area of the area of corruption, in order to achieve a substantial increase in the effectiveness of the measures will lead to synergy
realistically, it is probably the best solution that has been achieved.
this parliament too has been a great success for bse and for fraud with cigarettes.
let us now create a market for this one.
there will be no progress on issues such as flexicurity and reform, as long as we do not find a solution to problems such as the security of workers in this area.
an analysis of state aid must always be based on a clear idea of the differences between revenue and costs on the one hand, and the public finances, on the other, that is to say that the presence of the european union is based on the presence of the external effort.
this measure is therefore justified because it cannot be possible to use the budget for projects with the participation of and candidate countries and by making a simplification – contrary to what was meant by the introduction – the eur 42 million.
madam president, the resolution deals with the problem of the risks involved in taking up the risks of taking into account the difficulty of taking into account the fact that we are easy to build oil.
like the commission, the current political situation in haiti and the impact that this situation has so far is based on the reconstruction of the country.
the rapporteur therefore calls for a new solution to tackle the problem with novel solutions, for example using the possibilities offered by the eu.
however, we must also expect other reciprocity from others.
the forthcoming intergovernmental conference will provide opportunities for further strengthening of the union's transparency and this process has already been launched with the rules governing the accessibility of documents.
mr corbett will of course have the right to answer, but i am not in a position to respond to mrs frassoni on the red card.
it is therefore important that the eu should continue to be able to maintain access to these resources, which allows them to continue to have access to these resources, and to keep them in mind by offering them access to a transposition period.
for these important reasons, i am also in favour of agriculture being preserved in the regions of the countryside.
overall, i believe that the competitiveness of our continent is important for the competitiveness of our continent of energy and that it is important to have a strong energy supply, and i hope that commissioner piebalgs will be able to meet the next opening of an important pipeline and how important it is for europe.
i am sorry to mention something that has been forgotten.
the biggest and most important of all was the summit that was held.
my group strongly concerns a serious concern about this now.
this also means that it is becoming more and more remote from these problems.
that is why reform in 2002 should not only serve to serve as an excuse for us in our own dealings with our own and with our own problems in the world.
this united front aims not just to stop bulgaria and to stop efforts towards a more equitable society but also our country in the eyes of our european partners.
madam president, the members of parliament will recall the president of my question yesterday to the president he said that the bureau alone will review the rule whereby the roll-call votes in parliament will have at least 50 % of all the members of parliament and take decisions.
we also think it is very important to include producers in marketing and to the quality of the products and the origin of products to the fore.
– mr president, ladies and gentlemen, despite recognition of the good intentions, we deplore the fact that europe is not up to the tragic events in the context of the international crisis, to deal with the problem of terrorism and the situation in iraq.
as long as these criminal activities do not finally stop and different parts of it, there is little hope for ordinary citizens that their human rights can be defended.
thirdly, we urgently need diversification of the economic possibilities in the field of action.
mr president, minister, it is a big mistake if you want to make a big internal market and economic considerations in europe without barriers.
as a member of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection, i am particularly pleased that it has been included in the compromise proposal.
are there any objections to mr corbet@@ t's request.
all those who believe that the european super-@@ state, all those who believe that people who believe that they should have a right to their own future, must show their support today and help him to step up the pressure he is at present in the near future.
of course, there are a few who insist that we need to discuss and eliminate further discussions.
in this context, the report by mr deprez raises several failings and a number of real problems with regard to the deployment of the execution of the m@@ ess.
there was a crucial question, however, at the time, namely the question of financing.
i am referring in particular to the necessary fight against illegal immigration and the eu.
around ecu 1 billion is spent every year in the eu and smoking causes smoking and human suffering.
i am a great many letters from ukrainian people who really are going to be talking about and helping them.
all this will have a serious impact on european union planning.
the directive has managed to strike a balance between guaranteeing good quality and the recognition of the need for a decentralised basis.
member of the commission. - within the scope of its competence to the commission, the commission has to react to disastrous social consequences in developing countries, particularly the least developed countries, most of which are the acp countries.
fr mr president, commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, our objective must be to lay down rules in order to provide the conditions for access to the fingerprints and to establish the conditions for access.
finally, i must stress that it is my particular concern to ensure that the victims of terrorism are given due attention and are not only in my country in spain, which is a threat to democratic coexistence and freedom.
in order for products to be classified within the framework of regional level, it is necessary to note that the country of the region is located in the region of regional planning.
this is an area where the member states and their citizens are affected in a very sensitive way, and a community budget is needed in these areas.
a recent example of professor abbas has shown that the abolition of restrictions on alcohol consumption in sweden does not take place.
they are at the end of their day and are technical ones.
therefore, there is no doubt that as proposed in this commission regulation for a council regulation will provide the instruments for supporting the outermost regions.
furthermore, the transitional period is to prevent a separate development of the networks.
the promotion of civil society is the key to developing the human dimension of partnership.
the commission also addresses the humanitarian aid instrument by echo.
i believe that this will be a way of giving impetus to the internal market, and i hope that those regions which have a large number of products and economically dependent on a small number of products, such as the outermost regions have new boo@@ st.
it was just that he also called for a more necessary war to be put in place not only for a period but also for a period of the whole of the community of states to put an end to a totally unacceptable and totally unacceptable manner.
there was a request for inclusion on this matter.
as in the report by the secretary-general of the united nations of 16 january, the united nations and the security council worked actively over the last 20 years to find a solution to this conflict.
this would be a serious blow to the recent proposals of the french commissioner, mr president, whose implementation would be a serious blow to the economies of the new member states.
on behalf of the ppe group. - mr president, on behalf of the group of the european people's party, i would like to add the following oral amendment to paragraph 10 in paragraph 10, the words that the decision of the authorities should be replaced by the words of the authorities.
in reality, however, not only are values.
i hope that it will be possible to take action.
as mr graefe zu baringdorf, who spoke earlier, i would certainly confirm my memory that we would be required to investigate a whole series of specific precautions needed to be considered safe before british beef.
madam president, russia has taken a step and some observers speak from a new one.
mr president, the constitutional treaty is long live in the treaty.
sooner rather than later, the european commission - despite its directorate-general for budget - is too much in line with all these outstanding financial instruments with the introduction and the fingerprints of which are so many priorities with funding.
my second point concerns the position of the european union.
i am in favour of taking the floor here and others who are in prison.
much more needs to be done to address the rise of unemployment and poverty, and i abstained in the vote to express my deep dissatisfaction on this point.
on the other hand, europe receives access to research and promotion.
mr president, i believe that the proposal for a good example of cooperation between the different political groups in the european parliament and between parliament and the council and the commission in the various political groups is a good example of this.
ladies and gentlemen, i would like to express my agreement with the excellent report and the comments that it contains.
we have democracy, human rights, freedom of expression, which is important.
in accordance with the rule of law, it will also be possible to identify the causes of the magnitude and possible reduction in the regulation with the aim of securing a secure basis for the eu.
we have a head of the chairman of the euro.
we must enable them to pursue the spirit of free movement of prosperity and jobs.
in particular, the responsibility of the egyptian security forces must be pointed out in the strongest terms.
fourthly, the call for the member states to confirm quickly and confirm both politicians and suppor@@ ters.
in 2002 the parliament said that it was a crime against us.
perhaps the role of smes in terms of employment, the need for access to the bureaucratic and administrative environment and the better coordination of the various programmes of the commission, which is of interest to small and medium-sized enterprises, should be given greater priority.
with the euro, europe has gained international significance.
it is also a question of other issues, ladies and gentlemen, which has been accepted by the council at first reading by the council and the commission.
several of us here have a lot to do with the other.
in 2011, the aid must focus on complex challenges, in particular the efforts to cover the area in the municipalities and the stabilisation of the situation.
i would also like to mention the dialogues that we have with all the other countries that are particularly interested in this global approach, which will provide a picture of the objective and ration@@ alization of investments with a view to the future.
it should also be added to all those who are legally binding.
ro the european union is currently experiencing economic, financial and social crisis.
the commissioner mentioned the communication that now appears to be held in london and international high level round table in london.
i am in a brief mr de statement.
this report does not reflect that.
that is part of the european union.
finally, we should have a supervisory authority and must decide on its seat.
consequently, i would like to stress the importance of the application of the principle of mutual recognition in the eu and the establishment of a european court of office, as well as the adoption of measures to guarantee new rights.
the slovak population has demonstrated a political matur@@ ity. it has shown that it has led to the democratic coalition for a majority.
mr president, as many of my fellow members have pointed out, this is an extremely important debate and one that is not only discussed here in the chamber of the european union, but in a framework as much as possible.
most indicators confirm that a wide range of 50% of the european union does not know or be indifferent to it.
one of the first major orders was the establishment of a european union in order to make a statement.
it has clearly set out the roles of the member state to carry out a validity of five years.
you gave rise to the request of parliament that you wanted to make the building.
i ask that this be done in the bureau and at the conference of presidents.
we are also interes@@ ted, but we are also interested in the project because we cannot fund the project we are doing.
in addition to this, the costs involved in the damage caused by the chemical pollution caused by chemical pollution, and in the case of the f@@ ate@@ ful environmental damage caused by chemical pollution,
as commissioner nielson has raised a question on mozambique and the delays in the deployment of the situation, this question was simply made by mr niel@@ son.
madam president, it is a pleasure for me to stand before parliament and to consider the report on the role and effectiveness of cohesion policy in the poorest regions of the european union.
argentina has fortunately been behind it.
they cannot therefore be fully taken into account because the disposal of radioactive waste has to some extent remain open, because it may not be just a solution but a number of them.
in this way, we do not give consumers the impression that the european food safety authorities are giving top priority to food safety.
that would send a clear signal of the joint effort.
it is also the eu with third countries which are responsible for making it more specific.
the european commission uses this method rigorously in all areas, including with regard to equal opportunities, fundamental rights and the right to the eu.
moreover, i regret that in this parliament not the willingness or the courage to speak is a clear language when it comes to the stages.
the final point is, in my view, particularly important to protect the financial interests of the community.
that is why the european parliament is proposing an agreement between our three institutions on a method of cooperation in all these proposals for the future.
the environment committee believes that the amendments tabled by the committee on budgets should be adopted by the committee on budgets, and then by consultative committees should be replaced with advisory committees.
so, madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this must change.
in this way, we are going to make the european union the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world.
the second aspect of which i think is important is a matter of urgency.
it may not be possible for us to imagine that it would be so long as it was in the case now that it was necessary for a long time.
that is why i and ii are no longer available.
we have tabled proposals for legal bases.
in the case of the number of people who are victims of the disease, it is an opportunity for people to be given the opportunity to transfer and finally to the people.
i believe that the decision by baroness ashton, a delegation of the european union to send a delegation of the european union is an important gesture of support, and i would like to thank her for the presidency of the presidency.
please note that this is a network.
madam president, mrs jensen, with regard to the representatives of the european parliament in seattle in seattle, we in fact said that the european parliament should be as represented as the united states congress. this means that we now have a resolution or not.
with the help of strict legislation and an industry that is at the forefront and is sensitive to environmental issues, we have developed alternatives in denmark and we can rightly say that we are in general in a position to meet the deadlines.
incidentally, as regards security and combating crime, the council has still not answered my questions of march, especially mr van mier@@ t.
at the same time, the union must provide assistance in the development of the transport infrastructure in the countries concerned, so that there can be no question of setting up an alternative to transit through serbia.
a country may be a great deal, but it may even be a matter of many others because he makes it possible for him to become a member of his power, but if it does not respect human rights, then it is a society without a change in society.
the german unity which was possible only in agreement with the member states of the european union was able to give us a german opportunity to restore what kind of plans a member of this house, it was in 1989.
after the end of the peace agreement, and only five weeks after the referendum comes at the same time, parliament will be at the same time as we are.
such a disturbances lead to great deal.
if the matter is delayed by the commission at the end of april, and i say this with all due respect to mr spencer@@ , it would be too late for the next general affairs council to take the opportunity to adopt this amended regulation.
for this we need a genuine pact for the eu.
morocco and the g@@ ent, must both understand what they expect from the standards of the international community.
the commission has already taken constructive steps to improve its service to the citizens by drawing up the system of dealing with investigations which have been caused by complaints.
the candidate countries will still be required to make significant progress in the area of the fight against corruption and the safeguarding of the rights of minorities.
the setting up of an automatic transitional period between member states gives member states the opportunity to take serious action against fraud.
how can that work?
we therefore need to proceed very carefully.
the sitting was suspended at 7.@@ 00 p.m. and resumed at 11.00 a.m.
although all the rules and usual procedures have been violated, mr corbett does not appear to be taking care of the committee chair@@ men.
another problem is the fact that certain areas are often fairly generous and free of charge.
this strategy is one of the creation of the european union which has received strong support within the ppe-de group.
what kind of efforts to bring about it at the time when it was asked how it would be applied in the ter@@ s?
- as at least the parts of the text can be preserved that the charter of fundamental rights is legally binding which will allow the enlarged europe to function better.
i have been so keen on this issue to be so hard because i believe that, if we leave these principles of labelling, we are leaving a bad service.
i am sure that this will lead to the approximation of the positions of the member states with regard to policies in relation to follow-up.
i am counting on your follow-up.
it would have been wrong to leave the summit completely out of the war to the victims.
on the contrary, the agency should support the commission's measures and we also call for the member states to support the measures adopted by the member states and have tabled a number of amendments.
i thought it would be appropriate to explain our position and explain why the british presidency of this report will reject this today.
as soon as all guarantees security and traceability, the lifting of the moratorium.
situation in russia
mr president, i should like to highlight three aspects of the excellent report by mrs peij@@ s.
it is a very good opportunity for us to show how much cooperation can actually be done.
this would be at the expense of its effectiveness.
what is going to happen at the end of romania.
we must continue to strive for greater efficiency.
as meps, whose mother tongue is in english i condemn this statement.
perhaps the translation.
the days of the introduction - 14 against 1 - which have been undermined by short-term groups in the uruguay round.
what we are expecting as a european union is that we accept the need for the introduction of standards in this sector.
ladies and gentlemen, these terrible crimes do not take place in the prisons of evil and the british controlled and carried out in the case of the evil.
in order to avoid taking the risk of this, it is also important to allow these people to have real access to a reasonable and affordable career for genuine access to the creation of a reasonable and affordable basis.
finally, i would like to thank all my fellow members for their very positive contributions to the final version of this report.
in the netherlands, this figure is even 85 % and in contrast to france, where only the president of such decisions will decide in the netherlands about referendums.
we should now take the best approach to our obligations.
the second is the complementary provision that must be recognised in the action programme.
with regard to the position of the european commission, i would like to express my appreciation for the commitment expressed by commissioner vitorino, in any case of his presentation so quickly that we could not even have all the details.
– the men and women in iran who are at the heart of their own country – are calling for a bomb to be done.
i would like to ask the minister if he shares the view that human rights violations have been committed by both the state and the ltte and the ltte as such.
i am talking about amendments nos 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 18.
we did so because we did not think at the time and did not have the opportunity to do so now on the basis of the way in which the uruguay round had been made in the uruguay round.
the council and the commission will jointly review the deployment of serbia and montenegro in these areas.
instead, it has decided to do so as best as possible by this presidency.
the situation is much better with regard to the deployment and execution of the european social fund.
in general, i warmly welcome the report on which we are debating and vote, as well as the commission's communication.
30. discharge procedure - commission vote
like other members, i would like to support the existing ones, and they as part of the general geographical indications.
during these tests of the fingerprints and his lawyers here, he was here to leave the chamber.
in my opinion, an important decision on the european constitution should not be left to the heads of state or government alone.
mr president, it is clear that neither the commission nor the individual commissioners nor the council would appear to be missing from the outset.
if it wants to stay until the changeover of national notes and coins to the euro has been completed by the conversion of national notes and coins to the euro notes and coins to the euro.
this is a very important issue for stabilisation in the region.
there needs equal opportunities and cultural partnership for a permanent cultural dialogue.
the commissioner is right in saying that what is a disaster in these funds can be used?
it is also true that brazil is very important for cooperation with regard to the wto.
if there are some countries in fraud, the commission is obliged to do so.
mr president, there is a question mark by the group of the party of european democrats and the opinion of its group.
if we have the knowledge that in these countries and such as this, we would have been acting and sold within the countries and sell other animals within the countries that have been traded and sold.
mr president, air traffic control system does not reflect the importance of a detailed debate on the system of own resources of the community, and we will examine this document.
the commission has answered the questions that have been asked by parliament after the search and conscience.
the parallels between foot and foot and foot and mouth disease have been decided in the past and the community in the past has decided to pursue a policy.
bearing in mind the results of the temporary committee of the european parliament, the cia would have made it clear that there is only possible progress in transatlantic cooperation in the fight against terrorism if article 6 is respected and respect for human rights.
eurojust will really be a success and greater security for the people of europe.
but the more serbia also involved in the integration process the more macedonia in the integration process the more it is possible for us to resolve this issue and the open questions are resolved.
you are absolutely right.
in spite of the concerns expressed by mr aznar about the direction of the discussion in the luxembourg council is not a member state.
the group of the party of european socialists also endorses the increase in appropriations for the action programme for action in the field of innovation.
if children do not go to school at school, it is becoming more and more difficult to gain access to culture and education and to a society which remains high.
these countries in particular had had low rates of support for sexual interventions.
mr president, commissioner, since the end of the quota system last year, imports from china have been set up, as has been pointed out, for example, imports from china.
mr president, commissioner, first of all, enormous credit for the work carried out by the hard work.
i want bilateral agreements to be used to come to multilateral agreements because the commission must endeavour to take advantage of multilateral trade agreements, but bilateral agreements should take advantage of it.
the vote will take place at 12 noon.
as far as information on international treaties is concerned, it is a step forward in this area, before the governments of the member states and the text.
it looks as if north korea had been given the plans of pakistan but the americans have no evidence of a copy of it.
we now need a strong and clear political will to ensure that the exchange and comparison of information can be worked as smoothly as possible.
i voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because i agree that europe needs more researchers.
i cannot accept that because israel has no certainty whatsoever that lebanon is in a position to keep the fundamentalist eye under control.
therefore, eu member states must not be forced to liberalise the international adoption by different traditions and in terms of adop@@ tions.
of course, it is different from the member states and our priority task is not to impose the pressure on the member states and to put pressure on them - and i thank parliament for supporting them in this way - to ensure that all member states receive a satisfactory solution.
everything needs time.
this is a very good basis for our other work.
let me repeat that it is our political responsibility to ensure that we do not provide support for a process that is slowly moving away from its historic division.
thank you very much, mr corbet@@ t.
i would like to ask the defenders of human rights, which are today in such a referendum, and the problem is why they ignore the moral decline of the media, the discrimination against families and their eyes and their eyes to the memory of children.
madam president, i would like to make one comment.
on 18 february the year, as you will remember, will not be forgotten.
it is actually a pity that our action today is not determined by this political vision - a political will.
3@@ 1. waiver of parliamentary immunity
the second point is that we want to make sure that this relief does not receive sufficient protection for small and possibly more adequate protection.
in future, the cap should take greater account of social needs, such as the creation of jobs and the position of women and young people in agriculture.
for all the rest of the european union countries, the criteria will apply from the moment to the economic and monetary union of the participation of economic and monetary union and between member states.
it is necessary to prepare for it.
mr president, the introduction of a moral problem in this house is threatening to become a moral one.
it is not time and the place to go on that point further.
however, we have to ask ourselves what this situation is, if we are to be afraid to achieve political convergence in the final analysis, at european level.
of course, we need to encourage demand, consumption is the only way to achieve economic recovery.
i would never wish the new parliament to be able to make a statement on behalf of the commission by the new parliament, so that it has not had the opportunity to take a position on the commission by the new parliament so that it does not have an opportunity.
question time council
the issue itself is a matter of debate to discuss this and the report contains a lot of effort.
however, since they ignored the unfavourable changes in the new eu member states, the eu institutions must share the blame for themselves.
80 %, including those who in netherlands said 'no' to the opinion that negotiations should be used for a period of time, reforming and further democratisation of europe.
unfortunately, the consequences of these crimes have been disastrous.
fourthly, there is a great deal of work to be done to prevent a reduction in the effort.
the commission and mr špidla are talking about and we have nothing against flexibility from the socialist group in the european parliament.
we think that this is not the right way to build europe, and that is why we have tabled an amendment to amendment no 24, tabled amendment no 24, which allows the regions to defend their rights under the principle of subsidiarity.
this includes in particular that young people in every country of the union and in every place of their election to their abilities and they could also enjoy the same ability to enjoy their choice of skills, as they were.
mr president, i had the chair at the meeting of the conference in which it was drawn up.
my second point concerns the humanitarian question.
the rapporteur, mr watson, provides us with recommendations, such as we need to be able to avoid any kind of violence in a peaceful manner in which we should avoid any kind of violence.
it is fortunate that the president of the european union has asked for a smooth transfer of power to a democratically elected government.
the cost of which the honourable member does not want to know is the cost of which she is responsible.
in sweden, for example, we have a system called for.
such a vision will not exist without a proper vision of a decentralised and common external action service.
it is also a case for people who have been detained for a long time, because there has been bureaucratic delays or there is no adequate level of effort.
the group of independents for the europe of nations supports the report and the amendments tabled by the committee on the environment, public health and consumer protection.
it is not up to us, as europeans, to determine how the composition of the governments of these countries should be.
that is exactly what i have been calling for.
compliance with the directive was equally important.
i can assure you that there is no major problem with such changes, as it aims to strengthen administrative procedures.
mr president, i too would like to congratulate the commissioner on the last work - yes, i have often done it in other fora - and also everyone who took the floor in many of the members who took the floor.
nevertheless, cuba does not go unpunished. and it is important that we make it clear to the authorities that there is a lack of medical treatment to be part of the fact that it cannot be tolerated.
we have decided to support the amendment no longer since, among other things, it includes support for palestine, although other aspects of the amendment are not included in our appla@@ use.
they do not want to address the problem of what is going to be out of the 150 000 people who are on the streets of these young people, who are only increasing the scourge of unemployment and who have created the policies that they have created for their enforcement.
we said no more than we were able to say 'no' and to fight radical and to human rights in the report before us.
on the other hand, we must protect the mediterranean, in particular agriculture, in particular, to protect sustainable development and a legal framework which is as uniform as possible.
therefore, a good example of a situation within which five years is better than each year.
i welcome the fact that the eu is clear on this matter.
it was in this spirit that it was in this spirit.
the proposal before us makes it possible for the eu to be a step in the eu's direction.
this is a very good idea of changing the concept of the common fisheries policy, because it seems to me that it is not so much the member states but the fishermen who are fishing and it is necessary to take measures to guarantee the operation of the type of effort.
nobody writes that it would be possible to make a lot of effort to be made in the short term.
i am particularly keen on the principle that this is our europe.
this is more of the situation which i would like to take on 11 september and in the wake of pinochet in the wake of pinochet in a coup m@@ ing.
we would therefore like to stress once again that we would like the council to give a great deal more attention to the deliberations of the committee on petitions and for example.
this reflects our common strategy on which we are engaged in 1999 and in our cooperation within the framework of the partnership and cooperation agreement.
what has been done.
i think that is understandable, because otherwise we would not need two committees but that everything could be done in a committee.
today we voted in favour of a text which, if not so, is a good compromise and on which it was possible to reach an agreement with the council and the european parliament.
in any event, parliament and the group of the european people's party christian democrats and european democrats are in any case in the united kingdom.
however, when we talk about the objectives of the eu 2020 strategy for 2020, we must remember the people of women, think and priority.
reforms and the better management of them, and this is, of course, not primarily asking the governments, but also the role of parliament.
however, some efforts are needed to ensure respect and protection of minorities.
here we need close cooperation between international and national governments and bank for the international stage.
if these criteria are met, the support must be stopped.
one or two of the amendments that have been tabled do not actually make any sense as the amendment that would mean that staff should be dis@@ continued.
such a level playing field is not in any proportion to the result and creates insecurity in the sector.
it would have been a market for the introduction of a market for a cheap products, which is not acceptable.
and, mr president, commissioner, in your ranks a whole series of people who have been massive and who have spoken in such a way as to be as they are the ones who have been in european politics.
however, it should not be overlooked that it is particularly small in sectors that may have come up with some price increases.
i would not have allowed it to be a question because it could create confusion.
perhaps you could get it through that.
we do not want to put a stop to the current situation.
we must acknowledge the efforts and the steps taken by the president of the commission, mr cabro@@ barroso, to ensure that mr bush has done the president of this european parliament, namely you, mr president, during this visit, and we thank mr barroso for that.
there are jobs which, as you know, has completely disappeared.
if europe cannot decide then the united states will hopefully act alone.
however, it is true that the compromise that we have achieved in the 2007-2013 financial framework does not give the commission much room for manoeuvre.
does the council agree that it must be possible to register a patent in the patent office in the eleven eu languages.
these provisions for a fair trial are set for europe and are among the rights of all european citizens.
mr president, i too would like to begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur.
the rapporteur also calls on the council to consider parliament's positions when it comes to decisions.
it concerns the whole of cultural and educational education and so that we have a great european home in the long term.
there is a sharp increase in awareness of this shows the lack of participation in the eu.
i do not share that view.
as mrs roth-behrendt knows, we made proposals to help these countries to make use of these funds sensib@@ ly.
mr president, a regulation on tissues for tissues is both necessary and a step forward in this age in the current era.
the report stresses that concrete support and commission's efforts could help to achieve this.
the oral amendment is to replace the word '@@ m@@ ly' in the introduction of the english text in order to replace the word '@@ constitution@@ ' with a request to re@@ treat@@ .
however, if there is a real possibility of improvement, it will not make an active contribution to resolving the situation.
russia could and will be a strategic partner and a good neighbour if the eu states not only to supply oil and gas supplies and to make the eu more competitive at all to strengthen economic and social stability.
it was then launched by the independent referendum union.
at the same time, the motor vehicles which are engaged in personal mobility are in danger of being used in the event that the prize is used in this way.
parliament must change its way of working conditions.
that is why the proposal, but it is not a question of agreeing to the proposal, but it is not a question of why parliament's proposals have not been implemented, although the knowledge of at least as much value should be as much as possible.
what we need here is the opening up of markets, and the opening up of the corridors and opportunities by mid-@@ 2007.
there was quite other proposals for example in the case of a decentralised speech.
nl the rapporteur has actually said that what is in this report is that the european parliament should become more involved than so far as a kind of representative of the union in this report: the smaller political groups should be abolished.
with this initiative, parliament wishes to deepen the existing structures for deepening issues and problems with which we have to deal with and develop new strategies for combating them.
the member states that have no agreement at the present time with the united states of america on mutual assistance can be concluded on public order, security, national sovereignty or other interests of the state of mutual legal assistance.
we must all take social responsibility with regard to environmental protection, because it is a non-@@ renewable resource.
that does not mean the pharmaceutical companies.
i would like to emphasise that this is a win-win situation and member states can spend a larger amount if they wish.
the safety of european citizens and therefore trust in the community should be a priority.
all or everything, however, the european union must act.
this does not alter my personal opinion that it is not an issue that should govern the eu.
unfortunately, the current chinese policy in terms of the introduction of what was called upon at the time of the chinese policy arises.
and if so, under what conditions?
the consumer will be confronted with a huge selection of sele@@ ction, with a view to developing pluralism.
this does not just lead to a situation in which the quality and performance of the member states create and also provide a level playing field.
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the council on behalf of mr morillon, on behalf of the committee on fisheries, on fisheries resources in the mediterranean.
the eu market for fisheries has a volume of 12 million tonnes and a value of eur 55 billion is the largest in the world.
the efforts of the central bank and activities of the central bank are a necessity if we want to take a different approach to the construction of europe and to the real needs and aspirations of the peoples of europe.
democracy means first and foremost respect for the law.
the reason why the victims of the eu and the international organisations for migration are immediately affected by the development of the countries of countries of origin and international organisations, such as the international organisation for migration and migration are a case in contradiction with a coordinated policy.
if the risks are to be taken, as has happened over the last 20 years, i believe that there is a need for a greater responsibility to be given to the opportunities offered by the member and also to apply this technique responsibly.
fr mr president, today, on 14 february, i should like to point out that every fifth woman in europe has been victims of violence in europe.
i would also like to thank you for the way in which this report was drawn up by a large amount of assistance in the drafting of this report.
we can say with a high degree of certainty that the next step will be to make it possible for the president to be invited to make a reference to the introduction of a situation that never gave free elections.
a number of specific efforts were also made in the past year and the execution was poor.
this report is based on the mistaken aid granted under the edf.
i can confirm that the commission has the three amendments in the report that they reflect the compromise between our three approaches.
at this meeting, the commission and the member states will urge the authorities and the member states to reopen efforts to speed up the implementation of the euro, especially in those areas where it has been identified so far.
mr president, the summit in question will be a test for the european institutions and for the member states.
it is hard to understand why it is intended to use a policy that affects the unemployment and economic growth in international competition, and it has been mentioned here in this house.
let me explain briefly how i think things are.
it is particularly interesting in view of the recent events that the committee of experts recommends that the president of the commission is recommending the appeal to individual commissioners.
our priority must be to preserve existing jobs and create new ones.
- apart from the reimbursement of actual travel expenses and the reimbursement of travel expenses to be granted.
the court of justice of the european communities has already recognised the right to consultation of a situation abroad, and why we should not do it, as mr bowis rightly pointed out in eu legislation.
mr president, in recent weeks in recent weeks, our slovak friends have taken note of a number of acts of violence and of those who have been living in their own country.
i would like to express my appreciation to commissioner barrot and president barroso for taking action in this area and i hope that the commission's officials will respond to their political and swift solutions and prompt solutions.
we also believe that the application of the death penalty in adults is a member state of each member state, and they do not have a specific view on this issue.
it madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we believe that the regulation is positive, as it aims to create a single legal framework for the information to be made available in terms of information in relation to the types of medicinal products that are not designed and which pharmaceutical companies are allowed to inform the public.
eu cooperation with the world health organisation is therefore extremely important.
these two journalists and their interpreters have been in prison for 5 june in la@@ os.
it is about european citizens, who have a right to a democratic and transparent procedure.
it is a major problem in terms of both the environment and an economic and social point of view.
nevertheless, the italian press will note the diversity of political positions in parliament on the basis of the political positions expressed in this house and a member of the government.
however, as she also pointed out, the committee on the political importance of the report should be published.
however, the impression that there is no answers after the debate on sis ii has not received any answers but more questions.
a crucial point is the public information.
i welcome the enormous progress that has been made in the area for the first time since the union has the competence of justice and home affairs and the area of freedom, security and justice.
we also need to continue at european level research and development in terms of new energy sources and strengthen and make effective use of existing energy sources.
in order to revive democracy in europe, it is important to support each and every nation at european level.
in this respect, i would like to point out that the ministers will take up this 18 september with the commission and the secretary-general or his representatives to determine the framework and modalities for monitoring these surveillance.
the commission should also take the lead in the member states.
i also accept the amendment to the house and the council before 1 january 2008 on the use of these substances in a report on the use of these substances in order to submit a legislative proposal on the further use of the substances in question as proposed in amendment 14.
as you may know, in the united kingdom - more specifically, it was said that it was made possible to resolve some issues relating to his dismissal in the united kingdom.
finally, i share the rapporteur's view and the commission on the fundamental role of the family in terms of protecting and educating children.
we appeal to parliament, at least in this case, to abandon its normal position that the political and economic situation should not be in the hands of political and economic terms.
one part of the problem is that there is a great mistrust between the various national authorities - and i venture to say that between parliamentarians here - and not least within the industry - what the fleet and the common fisheries policy should be applied.
however, i do understand that there are gaps in the law, but i understand that there are gaps in the law, but if i understand correctly, you are still in favour of them.
who will have to get this message then?
i would like to point out that if the commission cannot be closed down that it will continue to exist.
one of the most important aspects in the fight against illegal immigration is the effective control of the external borders of the european union.
in the public debate, asylum seekers are becoming increasingly involved in the same kind and if we do not take care of the terrorists we need to fight in the foreseeable future.
therefore, as i have said, it is not a disadvantage for consumers.
i do not understand why a repeat of what happened in other member states of the european union is a negative result in the way in which it was in your country, mr president, that it should not be allowed to be the case.
the polish and the eu estimated this year at 60@@ %.
more than two years have passed since the americans had nothing to do with this.
how can we continue to have a level playing field between finland and italy, if the standard of 50 or 50 per litre of groundwater in groundwater cannot be exceeded.
it relates to fair fish and real terms.
but this is also an expression of a european leap forward with important institutional and constitutional effects.
and that is the consequence of support for the euro.
president-in-office of the council. - fr mr president, it is true that the european council agreed in march 2007 to set up at least 10% as a target for the introduction of petrol and dies@@ el.
however, they insist on the full range of national governments in matters of foreign and security policy.
this has also had a detrimental effect on employment in europe.
the level of biodiversity is the global framework for the protection of biodiversity.
the deep political crisis takes place on 24 march, which was postponed for the introduction of the decentralised efforts since november 2007.
we have recently emphasised that we were in agreement with the introduction of a referendum.
needless to say, article 3 is of fundamental importance, because it lays down the primacy of community law before national law, provided that it can affect the trade between member states.
these clauses are to be applied only if this is really justified in my opinion, precisely because the agreement with china would not appear to be the case precisely because the agreement with china encourages the introduction of a number of products in january 2005.
the second area of the damage caused by the directive.
can anyone please tell me what you are talking about.
we need protection for the introduction and we need a decentralised area in which this protection is guaranteed.
based on this information, the report by parliament is that the member states which vote for this system must also be obliged to vote in favour of the eu.
otherwise we will have to wait until the whole of the acquis communautaire .
the only question that is what is to be done is a very sensitive one and the technical implementation - which is a very delicate one.
access to documents relating to the activities of the institutions will enable citizens to be accountable to the bodies of the institutions and to make them accountable for greater efficiency and strengthens democracy.
mrs roth-behrendt talked about the responsibility of the states to play an important role in environmental policy and the statement made by mrs klaß@@ .
the eu set out eur 48 million for a start, the most important objectives of the return of refugees, and of justice and reconciliation and reconciliation received from the support of eur 2 million.
one of the most important tasks is enlargement of the union.
that is why i ask you very much.
they are already there.
president-in-office of the council. - let me stress that it is not a question of the political will.
the first thing we need is to do so, but we must also solve the problem if we want to have an opportunity in the future to protect groundwater.
the new technologies that have been discussed here have radically changed the conditions for the most sectors of our society, such as production, for example, and so on.
secondly, because of the democratic legitimacy of the european parliament.
as far as women are concerned, 83 % of the total amount and their unemployment rate is 4% above all, and this summit must take concrete measures to ensure equal access to the labour market.
we are moving in the area of the introduction even if this term is not particularly dear to one or another translation.
in this house, there is a variety of opinions about whether the european commission's proposal is too ambitious.
in fact, they do not prevent the range from aeroplanes and also relate directly to what has just been said.
that is why things are moving in the right direction.
we must change this situation.
. – mr president, even though there is more or less consensus on this report, we must not prevent us from considering a number of fundamental issues which go beyond this report and the activities of the eib.
if we as the eu are not able to do so, we will put a stop to the eu.
does the council intend to ensure that the results of votes are published and the judges are given the opportunity to make decisions on the results of decisions taken by the judgment.
how many procedures have it to be.
the un was calling for the resolution to be adopted by sanctions against iraq.
extradition is an undeniable procedure, today, which protects individual fundamental rights.
it will also be necessary to make further efforts on these reports and i congratulate the rapporteurs and the rapporteur for making further efforts.
this is why our group has decided to abstain in the final vote.
the opponents of civil society have taken advantage of the severity of our red tape and criticise those who stand for them as if they were the sacred ones.
mr president, i welcome the initiative by mr theato and i would like to highlight a few specific points.
i would ask for a new focus on this.
mr president, we all have the right to express our opinion in this parliament and in a democracy.
the system introduced by the european union is a matter for the citizens and bad system, at least as far as employment is concerned.
but it has taken nine months to the economy of the deep recession and it may take some time this year before the introduction of the slowdown in the labour market.
in fact, the citizens can only tell the citizens what the european union is doing in their respective daily lives by taking real action and simply with them on europe.
we expect more.
i salute friends of this high house of the house.
we - the european parliament, the european commission and the council - have no other choice but to work together in order to achieve these lessons in the intelligent and truly european policies that citizens need.
thousands of people are being driven out of central and eastern europe, from africa, asia and latin america, from poverty in the home and fear of their family.
it is not clear from him.
this annual report to parliament - which is the second - is an excellent idea.
my final point is that it should be made more string@@ ent.
this proposal really does not waste any time in terms of energy.
if the europe of culture is actually in place, let us call for the proposals made by mr radwan@@ , to change the treaty and proposes a monitoring centre for cultural cooperation.
i do not think so.
there is clearly a need for a close partnership with the mediterranean, which is based on respect for human rights and the rule of law.
finally, i would like to say that, two years after the tragedy of the erik@@ a, the satisfaction of today's successful adoption of the emi really would be a recipe for all citizens whose lives were killed two years ago.
the whole question is precisely this aspect of the fundamental nature of the report.
in any case, we take note of your comments.
we also want clear priorities and it is important first and quickly, and not with the introduction of a long-term response.
the borders of europe must not be allowed to take the lead or a solution.
fr mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as my fellow members have already said, on 27 and 28 february of the huge upris@@ ings in several french regions on 27 and 28 february, we called for a huge amount of material damage.
more than 50 % of european fingerprints are applied more than 50 % per lit@@ re.
we should tackle them with much confidence and determination.
last but not least, the commission proposal.
who can rule out the possibility that the whole of the world will be able to be controlled at global level?
we have a lack of accurate information on the legal basis so that we cannot be able to make voluntary agreements or binding rules.
it is against this type of decision that it is and will always be.
there would also be local and better equipped in particular to benefit from this type of recovery, through the introduction of the demand for goods and services would create jobs, new and better created and so that it would make the effort.
it is our allies in the fight to ensure respect for human dignity for human dignity.
in this respect, i would ask you to think again.
mr president, on monday the committee on budgets decided to adopt or reject the interinstitutional agreement.
from the distant point of view, it is quite simply a question of making it more complicated but the more difficult it is the construction and all the more so it will be.
the four countries concerned - austria, spain, luxembourg and france, - today, france has just completed the legislative procedure so that all the central banks have been brought into line with the central banks.
i can tell you that i am happy to try and find a lot of time now that is a very thorough piece of work.
the opposite is the case, we believe it is the strength of this proposal.
in many small redundancies,
the legal framework of the charter ought to be possible to allow a limited number of cases where the application of european standards is applied to the best installations in the central and eastern european countries, so that a culture of security is created and that the decommissioning plants will be closed down.
i would therefore like to ask him to kindly express my comments and thank you for doing so in advance.
it is for the swedish presidency.
however, legal certainty must be tru@@ e; not only for the people and the environment, but also for those companies, for companies, who should be able to win the equipment, i.e. oil, or oil,
i would like to conclude by saying that the report on the key role played by national, regional and local authorities, as well as citizens, consumers and entrepreneurs in achieving the objectives set out in the sixth environmental action programme.
in fact, it was a matter of ensuring that seven people were adapted to make the european union clearer and easier to make transport with seeds within the european union, but to simplify and simplify the transport of seed within the european union.
as we are debating this issue in two days' time, i would like to draw attention to two points.
i would like to say a few words about this.
i also believe that europe should adopt a coherent and clear position on the situation in georgia, and must not turn a blind eye to the gross violation of the sovereignty and integrity of a situation in russia.
in accordance with article 85 6 of the introduction, it has decided to remove 500 000 italian workers who have been employed in switzerland in some three quarters of their pensions.
i call on europe to take a close look at the door.
let us now turn to the test.
however, it is more behind this parliament with a view to the future.
i say to these words before the european parliament in strasbourg, its presence and home for 40 years.
this is an important part of the breakdown in a deep crisis, which is causing considerable costs and for many people to be of enormous importance to many of the people that the council has not yet to hold discussions.
the two main problems related to the introduction of the introduction of the european court of justice in the period of a period or the lack of a gradual introduction of the european court of justice at a time on crucial issues on the other.
the exchange of experiences and annual assessments of member states will hopefully lead to more employment in the union.
it is time to guarantee fair and to compensate for injustice.
furthermore, there must be no case with the debate on the subject of agenda 2000 and the introduction of a review leading to the way in which we are discussing agenda 2000.
i think it was very important that we have made this resolution possible.
the reduction in the introduction of a number of essential objectives aimed at the union's efforts to improve safety and to promote sustainable development are essential objectives which are primarily aimed at the union of the union.
for example, the funds from the social fund for industrial conversion are mainly in the cities.
we welcome the intensive interest in parliament on this issue, and in particular the constructive and ambitious approach of mr brok's report by the council to continue its work in this area.
member of the commission. - madam president, there will be a further ideas on resistance to resistance that we intend to plan in november to address how the commission could address the member states and those involved in all sectors concerned.
in other words, it is a case that should be a start and no one in any event.
it must take account of the role it has in this region and for all of a point of reference.
i would like europe to take the home of the next generations of the g@@ ent, and to and all of the other companies that make up of competitiveness and innovation.
this is a legitimate question.
we call on you to support the resolution jointly tabled by six political groups.
it is a major problem affecting millions of people and their families throughout europe.
however, i am convinced that the problem lies elsewhere.
– the next item is the report on the execution of european summits.
that is why it is happening.
i refer in particular to the vote on the work done in this report by the european parliament's committee on foreign affairs.
last year, the committee on transport and tourism sent a delegation to the european parliament to promote the potential of the flow as part of eu policy.
mr president, i would like to congratulate the rapporteur and especially mr ferber, whom i have worked on the independent review of the european union last year.
above all, however, the commissioners in such a way with voting rights and such without voting rights are a real step in the direction of the commission.
even if the united states and russia continue to play this sector today, the european countries have an important and growing role to play.
too many have considerable economic interests and are not interested in putting their secret accounts open.
the honourable member also spoke about modern technology.
both of them go together.
we need to organise our work in such a way that we can continue to pursue the matter and re@@ cur again.
i am voting in favour of the report because it is perfectly justified in support for the introduction of the polish workers made up of companies in the case of eur 29.
it is therefore up to the commission to make a statement on this 12@@ %.
i am glad to be able to speak after my friend elmar brok that the copenhagen criteria.
once again, attention has been paid to the problem of inequality in relation to payment of women, as well as an inventory of the commission to reduce them.
mr president, the floods in mozambique and the commencement of a country have been hit by the political horrors of the past.
eu legislation on the promotion of environmentally friendly vehicles provides for investment in a reduction and production of vehicles.
the intimidation of the citizens of torture and public executions are now living in this country, not to mention the restriction of the opinion and the right of expression to the terrible everyday life of this country.
i would like to thank commissioner verheugen and the minister for raising this issue.
in particular cases of countries such as portugal, which apply to my country, portugal, which are a major structural gap and a huge amount of effort, they must be treated separately.
first of all, it would have been a requirement for the member states to set up a fund that will immediately be established for the convention to fund the convention, which will immediately come from their own contributions and from them under the auspices of the intergovernmental conference.
moreover, in the committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights, this has not been supported.
thank you very much, commissioner.
we should not be in the hands of member states in terms of education and culture.
member of the commission. - mr president, honourable members will be aware that the mandate of the european parliament and the council on the establishment of the referendum on 13 march 2009 will automatically be a matter of urgency.
i would not be grateful if you were to confine myself to the fact that the 25 flags should be regarded as simple and with pleasure to receive colleagues who come from the new member states or if i would like to join me in expressing my satisfaction at the moment.
today the member states are right to call for responsibility in this area.
– madam president, mr president-in-office of the council, commissioner, no one can ask the developing countries to continue to give their debts to their debts as well as they have been four times as high as they are at the same time as we have been able to do so four times as high as possible.
parliament must commit to a european charter which recognises the legitimate demands of the victims, such as not to negotiate with terrorists and to ensure that they are fully engaged in them.
the only way to make no mistake is in fact to be to know the full composition of a process or to a degree that is why we need a right and no one in a real direction and no one in any event.
madam president, mr president of the commission, ladies and gentlemen, as a leader of the committee on fisheries, mr prodi, you are doing things very well and not easy.
i am sure that you know that we cannot accept a strategy without social content.
the seattle conference and the demonstrations by the citizens have made this clear.
there is discussion in the commission and in a few cases.
in 1997 it was a trip in hungary, poland, for the biggest and the enlargement of nato, poland, a visit to hungary, poland, the czech republic, romania and slovenia.
i also welcome the agreement, but the assets of hamas and hamas regret that this was delayed with delay.
i personally visited several quarters to explain what europe is to be able to learn about its problems with regard to the global world, and in particular to us and to engage in negotiations - in india, china in many latin american countries, and in almost all the time.
it is a real step forward that the permission should not be removed immediately, and i also hope that the system of a system in the commission is really working and that it is not possible to do so.
i should therefore like to call on the question you have just asked.
that is why i am convinced, at the end of the day, common sense.
es mr president.
in sparsely populated countries, in sparsely populated countries, in america and in particular, there have been a so-called road map.
universities have always been the european civilisation and have played an important role in developing our societies.
the third railway package will allow the liberalisation of cross-border products from 2010 by establishing a sustainable mechanism for financing the infrastructure.
while category 1 does not cause major problems, the appropriations for the structural funds are likely to be used properly.
this is because people are suffering from disease and suffering each other.
but we must not forget about the development of a situation in which they are committed.
first of all, i would point out to remind you that the slovak republic had ratified an agreement on nuclear safety, which was adopted by the 1994 slovak republic.
this is not only the case for a lack of democracy and transparency, but also certainly not the added value of a real joint effort to address the challenges of terrorism and the disease.
madam president, europe has been opposed to this.
the objectives must be achieved by 2020.
we need reliable and reliable agreements with the other partners in the arctic region.
this includes the possibility of funding 100 projects during the period from 2004 to 2006 over 100 projects or the execution and execution of a budget of eur 700 million for the period 2007 to 2010.
despite all the weaknesses in russia, russia is also an increasingly authoritarian democracy.
something has to be said about that.
it seems that european agriculture is being put in place as a result of the negotiations.
these solutions help to make the working and rural development more attractive to women more attractive.
mr president, i too would like to congratulate mr tajani on an excellent report.
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have today voted in favour of mr costa report on the quality of the price and harmonisation of criminal law in member states.
never let us hear them talk of or talk about them.
the action plan and the strategy put forward by the commission will provide the impetus for the implementation and gaps of the legal framework and european policies in the area of biotechnology such as corruption.
there is also a concern for the lack of clear criteria for the use of the future for not eligible resources.
but what is a matter for the outset.
however, i would like to ask a specific question about the procedure in relation to the follow-up.
in this area, the commission intends to present the introduction of the european council in meeting in place in july, in july this year on the introduction of the european union for visas.
our group does not think that the end result is perfect, but we have to live with it.
so my question is as follows: what do you intend to do to deal with all the irregularities and, above all, to put an end to all irregularities and, of course, to you?
