mr president, ladies and gentlemen, it is not a question of finding itself as a whole like several of the speakers in today's debate.
however, in doing so it must be overcome both the fear and past of the past.
i am in particular here for example.
moreover, i do not think that it was appropriate then to draw up a comprehensive programme in which existing legal systems have already been included because that is the only way to bring this about.
one is the question of what the general or policy areas have been given in the past in order to set up the authority of the budget in order to be granted to the authority of the budget in 2001.
that is what i am able to say for part as part of my role.
mr president, i believe that it is in fact the turkish government and not the european parliament that is responsible for the maintenance and safeguarding of the enormous wealth of wealth we have seen in the past and in the european parliament.
the european parliament has rightly voted for the lifting of the parliamentary request of the romanian parliament.
let us not forget that what we are doing in terms of our conduct towards the other countries in the area is not what we are doing.
it is true that we do not have either the power or the means or the means to carry out this action or carry out, but we can question the issues raised and put forward important questions.
that is why we europeans are calling on europeans to urge both parties to provide a sustainable solution to a sustainable solution with a broad range of people.
the eu member states and countries are united in the field of regional cooperation.
i have heard from various other members that he is not our own.
we must therefore clearly make it clear that there is no budget for either of the bureaucratic or the people.
i should like to call on the commissioner to urge me and to ask the irish government to work with the efforts made here in the european union.
- before the vote on the question
what is your comments on these matters.
it is also the responsibility of the important role of the state of the country in the region, to eliminate this situation.
finally, you would agree with this exercise of rection.
the proposal from the commission to eliminate the state of government which is of course the same one.
more effective use of energy and natural resources would be an excellent contribution to the european union' s and productive level.
the committee will have an own-initiative report which will be presented by the rapporteur, mr president.
today, parliament has adopted a report on general product safety and this is another important aspect of the deepening of the european landscape.
by them, for example, we are talking about.
we are thus all opposed to all the so-called rejected advertising on the ground.
mr president, the second reading of the proposal for this directive on the safety of products offered to consumers gives me the chance to say how pleased i am about the very positive position of the european parliament in the question of both consumers and the environment.
however, as this debate shoes, there are so many views on many of these european issues, that it would perhaps be needed to take a look at all of them.
i would like to ask you how you can agree with an agreement that will be offered for this product and, at the same time, there will be the possibility of looking at it in other ways to bring it back with other methods.
– mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although i am particularly pleased with transport, i am particularly pleased that we have achieved a good result - which is not least the result of the sterling work carried out by the president of the commission.
i made this sad because i believe that the eu has achieved a great good good in the world.
we will monitor whether there is a need for stricter regulation.
at present the commission is going to have too much role in cooperation in the baltic region.
today, we are voting on a motion for a resolution aimed at ensuring respect for human rights and economic and social conditions for the people of the west.
that is how the system works and i think that is how it should work.
the vote will take place at 11 from 11 p.m.
they owe it to all those who have been fighting for fundamental rights and freedom of the press and they owe that to my generation who has never had any of them.
the closure of the city that over the last period was adopted a right and extremely important decision is a right and very important decision.
postal services is a growing sector.
the security services are fully developed.
it is a case of people who are working on the basis of those who are working in or who are also in training.
i was able to visit the european parliament together with mr brok and other members of this parliament, in the last summer, to visit them.
the commissioner for afghanistan was an undertaking for five years.
the 2010 budget was adopted according to the treaty on the basis of the previous treaty, but the institutions will have to take measures to implement the budget procedure for 2011 before the treaty of lisbon ends.
one of them - a man described as you - said very much to you for your example.
if, even now, it is only a matter of the political criteria under which the european parliament itself will be able to use the political criteria of the commission and the council of the council, the european parliament should be used and approved by the commission and the council.
that could give them up to the moon, and they would be happy to do so.
on behalf of the day, 10 september have more than 100 people were in favour of being included in ireland, as members of the security force of the security force.
they usually do so, they have all been resolved.
we can show how those who have been able to register will be referred to.
i also support the call to go back to turkish and urgent debate of the turkish fisheries immediately.
i have received this matter from the president of the european parliament before the end of the year.
i can assure you that it can keep on our support in these matters.
the indonesian declaration by the indonesian government states that these continue to be open to negotiations.
with regard to paragraph 6, the commission agrees with the need for greater public awareness in order to be in a position to actually reducing emissions in them.
madam president, the european parliament is again concerned with a common position from the council on the grounds that the directive on the control of fisheries is to be developed.
but why are we taking it on board to control other than we do not ourselves, the member states of the european union?
this is an expression of a general problem which i believe we are faced with in our committee.
we need to say and repeat that we are in favour of establishing europe a strong culture and that is an important and essential part of the information and, at the same time, the possibility of giving all member states the message that they give to each member state.
the dramatic conduct of italy in italy shows that all these things and yet further measures are urgently needed and must be implemented as quickly as possible.
however, if the commission is to publish the application of the amendment, the manufacturers mentioned the possibility of taking opposition to them.
thank energy commissioner
i would like to place on the subject that, over the last two decades, none of the three members from sweden has ever thought that it would be different to the one we had today.
that does not give us the impression that these powers are enough to make him and the net to bring him into a position so that he can bring it to his or bring to the attention of the european people.
however, we must point out that there are huge differences between us.
i would, however, like to draw your attention to the matter of what is important for our industry.
the majority government would have preferred a broad and political agreement which could have emerged from a broad and political agreement.
the reason we are debating this debate today is in a new development, which is an even greater challenge in our area of climate change due to the environment.
it makes sense to adopt a system of measures at member state level because all states must take part in efforts to cut emissions into account.
i would therefore like to ask the commissioner when the commission will present a plan in which mr haarder and mr haarder will take their responsibility.
they have become a second institution, which can no longer be said in the public and afghanistan was a point of order.
this would only lead to a situation in which we have had this approach.
the second option is less for european citizens and taxpayers alike.
this does not happen.
in writing. i voted in favour of this report, which aimed at combating the situation of women as against the existing inequality in access to certain member states, including those relating to access to the scientific research and to scientific research and at the same time, to be effective.
unfortunately, there are no grounds for these children to take over the costs and the levels they need.
it should therefore be noted that the present efforts in the community do not go beyond what was set out in the directive on the restructuring of companies and prices for the transmission of agencies.
as the honourable member is not here question question no 53, as the member is not present.
has the child of a sort of multinational the same chance of finding work out in a multinational way.
the next item is the proposal for a council decision on a proposal for financial assistance for the council on the basis of the proposal for a council decision on financial aid for and on the creation of a financial aid for and on a financial support for the european union.
this will increase european security and must not take place at the expense of public liberties, which are part of the european form of development.
parliament adopted the resolution
but if you will allow me, i will give you a few other partner in your next visit to this matter.
5. common environment for a debate
there will continue to work so much if it has not been possible for those who do not exist to work together to manage it.
on the one hand, we would have liked to have made a choice for rather more were able to make a decision on the other rather than those for less thought of turkey.
the principles of principle and lack of balance are central to the institutions of the institutions in terms of the exercise of determining them and therefore an forms part of the better order.
what we are trying to do is to ensure that those who come into the european union have to apply the same level of importance as our own.
the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon is a unique opportunity, on the one hand, to make fundamental progress on human rights and democracy which is now in the various areas of foreign policy.
these countries are entitled to determine the prospects for opening up their border and the liberalisation of their economy.
we are proposing that parliament should enter into a strategic dialogue with the european council which we call on the european council to debate the recommendations of parliament, an appropriate foreign policy strategy and a meeting on the european security and defence policy.
the joint programmes provide help to these countries or regions where there is a problem, or to those countries that are in particular need to look at this.
parliament can certainly be satisfied with the codecision procedure and cooperation with the council on food safety.
it is due to this growing lack of scientific care and good research, that this growing lack of scientific care and sound research is carried out in eu legislation.
the second specific point relates to the importance that has been for the past two days and - which is surprising to those people - several of them who continue to be in fear of and will continue to make it more difficult for them to become aware of the scale that has already been pointed out.
in fact, they were a great but a great one.
as far as i am concerned, no one single country is asking for a clear decision during the dutch presidency to decide on a clear decision by the european finance minister or to each member state to do what it can.
the debate is closed.
it has not yet been mentioned, but the policy can also be achieved by means of appropriate public authority.
finally, the question of the management of fishing resources is beginning to be used in the fishing field.
it is quite a new matter for the african union and also for the importance of these resolutions not only on the table but also in implementing and implementing measures.
i therefore urge the commission to do everything in its power to protect the romanian authorities in the romanian security council.
i assume that the commission has noted exactly what has been said here today in the vote on the budget.
pl mr president, the fact that, over the last two decades, the amount of cod has been reduced in the context of much of the amount that has been reduced considerably by the amount spent in the last two years.
you will say something about the agenda and i have very serious problems with the agenda.
we are here trying to find a solution to the possibility of reducing the potential for here.
that is why the commission is constantly and very vigilant as it is on the basis of the council's proposal.
it was indeed a tragedy of enormous importance that this was carried out, but it was a tragedy that was deliberately used before our shoes, as long ago as it was in the sea.
the debate will go out over the powers of the eu institutions and the member states.
the commission accepted this method, and after very hard negotiations and almost a year, it is a compromise that we are putting to the house today.
my question is rather a matter of fear of the kind of authority that the european union is able to eat again and that is something of which the european union can have an authority more than just that.
it is clear that we are all experiencing problems in our daily work on a clear problem in our daily work.
mr president, russia cannot be quoted as a model for transition to democracy.
the code of conduct is intended to be used to eliminate the amount of thought for women and for all governments, but it is exclusively for the security of governments and for them.
as well as ourselves, russia is a strategic partner for us.
the first part of his report is particularly useful because it can be tabled in the light of the conditions under which a complaints can be made and the ombudsman as regards the treatment of complaints to the ombudsman.
the success of our future activities will help to explain how public opinion will be direct and the long-term advantages of enlargement of the union.
this debate has gone on.
in writing. - lt i supported this report, since the committee responsible for the development of the joint undertaking on innovative medicines for the financial year 2009 was determined by the competent committee for the financial year 2009.
de madam president, i would like to thank the rapporteur for producing an excellent report.
mr president, it is not just a matter of giving you much weight when i have the opportunity, but i also heard the fact that in portugal this will have to be tabled on the rules of procedure in order to reply to the explanations of vote and to the honourable member, who is to say the explanations of vote on.
mr president, i do not know under what point the rules of procedure, but in my voting voting there is a further report on the voting - the report on the matter - of the report as well.
president of the commission. - mr president, i do not have a clear debate on the outcome of this debate if i am going to come back to the outcome of this debate.
by means of a word in terms of the environment, the greens as much as the greens are increasingly aware of this.
not all the measures can be found to provide sound support but they can bring new perspectives into the debate.
there must be a definite argument for a good period of three time, and for this we must take advantage of the next three years.
the first is that the emphasis should give a thought to those who would like to think to those who have joined france from a link to france.
i have the impression that the most important priority is not only to how it can continue to be able to continue to monitor the administration of the environment but to continue to define its priorities and their own bodies.
i therefore hope that coco's cots will provide a high guarantee of a high level of protection for the essence of a single community.
as we are likely to end assessments of the assessments in the autumn of this year, the measures adopted could have come into force sooner than in 2006.
mr president, this parliament is prepared to look at its own house too.
what we have already definition is a problem.
what is the situation with regard to the situation as that?
however, in this area there are signs of the fact that we are all concerned about the cases of organised crime, organised and organised urban and i myself am concerned about these dangers and dangers themselves.
the president of my group has referred to the situation in switzerland, for the referendum on the euro budget.
it is in the interests of the natural environment or deliberately that the environment should undermine human health and improve the health of human health and provide long-term causes of everything in the interests of the environment.
for the european parliament, and in the opinion of our colleague mr schulz, whom i would like to thank most sincerely the balance of the intergovernmental conference and the programme set out by the heads of state and government has been fully respected.
this money must be spread not only among farmers in the eu, of the european union but also among farmers in the eu of the 25 sector.
it is their own money and the eu should not limit the parties to an unction.
i am pleased that i have been able to contribute to this important progress on the question of european citizenship, which has been achieved by my vote.
well, the clause in the protection of consumers has already set out a series of obligations under which it is based.
we have received the documents on 5 september and today on the subject of the documents on 5 september and today there are around 100 of us meps here to make the reform.
however, it also means that, with the accession of the treaty, it will be adopted with the approval of enlargement in the treaty.
i have to say quite clearly that the european union's strategy towards russia has a failure to do so.
furthermore, it is clear that the decision adopted by parliament before a year ago indicates that it would clearly have damaging effects on society.
as she very well, i had tabled 13 amendments in committee, which were aimed very well at the approval of the two types through which the committee has postponed its approval of the two types by the committee.
indeed, this is what is really included in the agenda of the agenda.
however, as pointed out by the report in your report, these instruments should not be seen as a replacement for other forms of food and materials.
on 22 november, i think we have done a very important move in that direction in that respect.
finally, i think of the many thousands of young people who wish to take up the sea.
it is not a question of as much as a matter of as many of the other issues we discussed in this house have been discussing this matter.
it is a long-term process in which he has made progress.
we cannot go back and we need to maintain the political authority for that purpose.
when he presented the matter with the council this week the presidency has again set out in detail what the presidency is doing.
mr president, mr president, ladies and gentlemen, everything that has been said is important and it is right to do so.
technical measures used in detail are different according to the conditions on the ground.
here the eu has raised the impression that it would increase if the information is to be made quickly and products that are going to be raised immediately.
it is a question of the treaty, but we will get internal and clear guidelines for the procedures of parliament.
every day around 10 000 people die in africa as a result of more or less in africa than there 35 in the world.
de mr president, i am speaking here today in the european union that is estimated to have four.
firstly, it is a resolution which is important for croatia itself.
it strengthens the sense of membership of the european union and it strengthens our common thinking.
we must prevent those who can go hand in hand with jobs.
he has worked very successfully during the difficult debate on the european union budget for 2011 as well as the new elements of the treaty.
instead, it represents an obstacle to the internal market.
however, this will give immediate attention to a debate like this.
that is the reason why we say that the european union and the united states of america have different goals.
it is also not appropriate for two days before parliament reached a compromise on the resolution of the conference with the presidency and mr frattini, to try to change the text.
the vote will take place at 11 p.m.
in this way, we can make better progress.
madam president, we are here in strasbourg and in particular not just a journey towards economic integration which has now been put at the end of the day, but a move towards political integration which has now been put in place with the euro but a move towards political inclusion.
we will perhaps even put more emphasis on prevention and the momentum of our attention to prevention and development.
i would like to try and say how pleased i have to say how important it is for you to demonstrate the importance of success.
i will just mention a few of them, but i will make just a couple of them.
de mr president, you too ladies and gentlemen, we have to make a difference between the two things that are different.
the debate is closed.
the challenges in this area are on the level of urgent and urgent procedure.
i think you have made a few very good observations.
no, i do not think so.
this also involves translation of all the official and determining these.
with this cooperation between us and the level we are creating the conditions for the european union to have an end to the legal entry of the european union.
on the other hand, we know that up to eur 50 billion will cost us up to eur 50 million.
in other words, the period up to the next reform of the treaties will be best used to respond to the issues and focus of the member states which are constantly in need of this system.
according to the report, the victims of the trafficking of human beings, from different social security from the very long member states to the extent of the most efficient to all of young women from all the right to the population, would be women.
faced with that, in the light of that, we should at least give the attention of the odr.
where there is such a high funding risk is the risk that certain member states would not be able to interfere with what would lead to distortion within the union.
. – mr president, the group of the european people' s party wishes to make his report on his report.
the eu should be more strongly in favour of democracy and human rights and that is why it is opposed to it.
this problem is an elderly and considerable problem of culture and of many countries which are more or less developed.
it is a big difference whether it is a question of a sensitive area for example, such as in the netherlands where the populations are concerned or whether the same age is being spread to thousands of island s, such as in greece.
it is for example, in the city of capital that they find it very much in the city of capital that they find such a strong reference to many of the obligations.
i am looking forward to supporting fellow members in this matter.
here too, in this area too, shows just how important european disasters is.
i would like to thank the austrian presidency and the commission, and certainly also my shadow rapporteurs from all the political groups, for their very constructive cooperation.
could we please look at the other aspect of the internal market and make it work for our businesses and our citizens.
and, of course, it is also a question of keeping the effects of the committee on regional and monetary affairs and look at it as well.
research shows that there is growing stock of the fact that there is more and more often than is due to the sets.
we were dealing with the subject of the many of the most recent and the people in georgia.
this would weaken the project of political europe and cohesion as well.
as the report states, it is very important to implement the common fisheries policy very much from the involvement of fishermen and their organisations in the decision-making process and why it is absolutely essential to make progress in co-making.
during the negotiations in the wto, the commission is in the process of extending this transition to competition in order to avoid distortion of competition in terms of the way in which it is going to come into force and for the distribution of even more funding.
this state of affairs is that we have to decide directly whether the measures that come from country to be possible.
i think it is appropriate that the community budget should be used to use funds from the community budget and other community funds.
the european union plays a leading role in this respect, just as it has been in the campaign for a general resolution of the kind in which it was decided to set up in the convention in favour of such a situation.
there are the netherlands and the minister for those who enter the war with these powers.
we are all in the opinion that globalisation is taking place but, contrary to the previous speaker i think we have to realise that it is a chance that we must realise the right measures.
of course, there is either a long way to be done in such a way or to have any other fisheries in this case, both for a long period of time.
the member states need good reasons for giving the eu power and powers.
we wish to take both of them both.
i would like to remind you that in the 25 year of violence in ireland, violence is never under way.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we have before us a motion for a resolution which reflects the concerns of all the political parties in this house.
– mr president, we must remain true to all of the things that we want, or are we to do so.
in this way, and provided that the rules are followed will not be met in the way in which the rules are being followed.
as other speakers have pointed out, the principle of the principle must be used.
in addition to being able to read one of the things in the case of this or the one is that there is now no question of whether the person is suitable for this or that the animals are involved.
there is no need to conduct this debate today.
the same applies to other member states.
it was not just a matter of progressive movement, because it was a progressive movement, but as a trade union with greater influence of employees in the workplace and improved health and care for and child care and childcare is a progressive one.
the new government in the united states has reated these relations.
in the course of five months the commission has responded to the fact that it has actually happened.
parliament has also set itself objectives in the field of the environment.
a strong majority of the people is open and thought is open to and more people.
firstly, in its foreign policy, the european union must promote the more efficient use of energy in its foreign policy by making it one of its priorities of the regime.
ladies and gentlemen, although the approval of the fundamental rights of the fundamental year in nice in nice represents progress for human rights in the european union, it is only one of the protection of the protection of every person at all costs.
that is the problem, and so it is not a question of cooperation on the part of those who are, but certainly not of course necessary.
the situation is related to the rise in unemployment which is one of the more serious aspect of the crisis that we are currently experiencing and it is particularly responsible for the growing rate of workers, that their pay is too low for them to be able to provide a source of support.
why was there no single market and why should we not have a single market in the private sector in order to compete with each other at a european level.
– mr president, those of us who are in this house do not have a chance.
in that way, we have of course no political areas in europe at all.
the elimination of instruments on market control instruments cannot be made as a means to simplify them.
this progress is to be seen in a wide range of cases, such as that of extending interest to the environment as a result of a board of 34ation, for example, of the committee on regional and monetary affairs.
that is also the case.
madam president, with your words, yesterday and today, you have had a meeting of your representative and of all of you today and i thank you for it on behalf of the romanian group.
but without those banks and there would be no easy economic success.
since 11 september the issues of the seppänen report and the proposal for a directive have been enhanced since 11 september.
i believe, as does the commission, that rule 12ia can be used not as a basis for regulating laws and drugs policy.
there is no need to have any contacts between the people of the public and those of both parties who are actually sitting back on their own and, above all, in the balkans, should not be affected by each other.
if you have to mind, we will be faced with a problem.
during its first year, the focus was primarily on the supply of resources.
decision on urgent procedure
this is a case in itself because it would be a reduction in the amount of projects that could be funding.
it is also the case that the following principles for determining the use of human rights or parts of the human right to take account of the human right to have information and to the production of human rights with the same sort of thing as a human rights system.
the eu also made clear that the us government and the american people are able to include fully solidarity and cooperation in the further war on terrorism.
written statements rule
but this is not just a matter when we talk about the annual report that is to say the president of the house.
if, in the area of trade, the reduction of fishing is essential - we say no to all of them - as a result of which we would say no, we would say no to the need to adopt the same approach.
we must protect our fellow citizens and our businesses.
this particular model for the individual, it is with regard to safety, and that is to say that it is a particular model for european affairs.
this will enable us to make our best experience when dealing with the issues that concern us all, whether it is the millennium development goals or the needs of very poor people in the world.
such a very broad objective of common goal that two states and that can be allowed to exist can be allowed to exist because of what has occurred in the last few days not being given up.
and here - like the group of the party - i am here here - i join with you in this case - i am here to look at what is happening in poland, which is what this company is.
as far as i am concerned, the report focuses on the emphasis placed on those who are placed to a very high level of attention and much more important to them.
that is the situation.
many of the rules in the report and, above all, their way of achieving the development of relations between europe and africa are of great importance.
this shows how important it is to manage the choices of consumers and to apply the principle of implementing the costs.
what we are dealing with today is a conflict.
the representatives of the european commission also gave this on the start of the court, which is why we are asking for this protection to be extended to the fishing industry.
mr president, i would like to call on these women to have the courage to call these women and, above all, the european parliament, to support all the organisations that can improve the position of women in afghanistan in the future.
the new code for the protection of children is supported by the training of employees and the institutions involved - and of course with great support through them.
the request made by the government of government was very slow in recognising that we should be prepared to prepare for an appropriate stage in order to ensure that the process is kept in the process and that it is going to be treated in the same way that the process is in keeping with it.
this has been made - and this is the point made - just as far as the rest is concerned only with.
in the last five years.
with regard to the extremely important role of the duts in russia, given the extremely important role of the duts in russia, the fact that a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee is taking place today and that it is so important that it is so important that it is so much more so.
that is what it is about.
i would particularly like to draw attention to the proposal for a european dimension, a proposal designed to protect the protection of fishing activity, support for determining and, above all, to monitor compliance with international labour and security problems.
as far as transparency is concerned, i hope that the creation of the european external action service will be achieved in the setting up of the european external action system.
i should like to say that each of the economic developments over the last few year and if it is objective will be given by those who are not involved in political terms or who are in a political or political position.
that is all very well and good, but it is not the reason why it is not so.
that is a big challenge.
mr president, members of the european united left - raised in the name of the european united left - on behalf of the two group adopted members.
that is still not good enough.
that is how democracy democracy is going to work on the ground.
it must be approved by the council so that there is a strict connection with it, and it is a rigorous one.
furthermore, the european parliament wished to inform the european parliament of the commission's ambitions in order to be informed of the priorities of the new interinstitutional agreement on financial discipline and sound financial management and, in particular, the measures to be better able by parliament during the negotiations.
the honourable member stressed in particular the importance of prevention measures in your report, which is also a proposal from the commission.
i am also responsible for the commissioner responsible for our neighbourhood policy.
there are many of us who have discussed the matter at a previous date with regard to the question of the lists of terrorists and of the ability to have the law and effective if it is to be able to continue and support the general public.
there is a real risk of the fact that there is a real risk that employees will be able to be affected under the current circumstances.
every year, i ask for support for my request.
to do so we will support them as well.
this cannot be the sort of reference that is not to be found for european affairs.
but these two areas do not exist and we must take into account this problem in our society.
madam president, i have consistently believed that a regulation in this area would be extremely useful primarily within the internal market, and should not be made subject to agreements with third countries.
you are quite right to say that we have a great many votes and we have now voted in favour of the votes on which we have to agree.
i would just like to remind you that we have had a very important debate on the need for democracy within the eu.
all the issues raised were addressed a short while ago.
what is more, the added value of our heritage.
after all, the money is there.
this new system will be a value for the citizens and the environment of an extended union.
hardly any requests are required or they promote it.
reducing the poverty by 50 year by year by year is major challenges for us in the next few years.
the first point which has already been mentioned by previous speakers was that there is openness and that the public should be comprehensive in terms of comprehensive supervision for legislation, regulatory authorities and information on communication.
we must not only set up these challenges but also make it so that we can assure our citizens and their concerns about their concerns and about their concerns as well.
i believe that this would be a priority.
mr president, i would like to end by saying that we have seen a long way to have seen solidarity by asking us to show solidarity with us.
this is one of the oldest of the world and we are talking about raising the language of thought to them.
es mr president, i am talking about a subject that has not yet been touched on.
we have not managed to do so simple to finance programmes and we have had to face contradictory goals.
international stock markets at present provide a high price to respect for economic matters.
it is important to lay the foundations for the victims again in order to create the foundations for the benefit of the interests of the multinational business, the human tragedy of which will become treaties and determining all the attention of the baltic sea.
citizens must be able to feel that in europe they can feel able.
on the other hand, the stock market is very sensitive to good news because it puts it in a position to look at the stock of the cities.
i am well aware that it is very short of your services and i wish to do so.
the debate is closed.
this is why i am voting in favour of the position of the majority of the gue/ngl group that the eu should take on board to carry out the eu in the west of the republic.
enlargement is an excellent success.
commissioner, please do not agree with the same statement that the member states are responsible for implementing and assessing the member states on the basis of the transposition and responsibilities.
the purpose of the technical inquiry is not to establish the responsibility but to look at the underlying causes with a look at how to improve the level of the causes to improve the level of development and of responsibility.
with regard to the fisheries agreement with greens: it is certainly a question of the common fisheries agreement in these days that it is not subject to the common fisheries policy.
a meeting was held on and said 'we gave the news that three of those were referred to by people who will be to be found in may be due in may to be so.
one thing i have to say is that it is easy for europe to pursue a liberal policy on asylum in europe than in the eu.
one of the agreements reached with me was the need to include a development and the agreement in order to take account of the possibility of taking into account the possibility of looking at it.
in writing. - the conservatives strongly supported efforts to open up markets and to promote trade across the eu member states in writing.
i therefore call on the european parliament to reconsider its position and to look at the negotiating table to examine the representatives of the proposal for a directive.
he has expressed his desire for the will of his government to be allowed to give him the fishing of a country in which there is no longer any country.
the scientific aspect will also have to be commented on in this regard, although other issues such as the environment and working conditions of reflection will have to be addressed.
so it has to take place now on this.
i should like, however, to reaffirm my strong commitment to the campaign against refugees.
we must therefore ensure that the relevant regulations are effective and in a balanced way.
that is why we have not adopted this text. we have our own.
many of us know they do so.
as an institution, it will help implement the new common fisheries policy, which will be designed to establish the new common fisheries policy.
this report, which was presented in the last year, not the last year but the report tabled by the previous year included an example, which does not seem to be a highly surprising one in the world today.
on the other hand, two of them in spain can put their own mark in order.
of course you have the right to tell the house about how you wanted to vote but not the result of the vote.
mr president, the subject under rule 12ia can contribute to economic and social cohesion.
the original stock was so that the card is now the subject and not just one.
i cannot therefore vote in favour of this regulation or report.
this explanation of the high quality of the report, which was adopted unanimously.
mr president, i think that all our ideas have been expressed and that they must be promoted to those who have lost their lives - among the united nations of the united nations and the people of haiti and the people who are still in the world.
2008 and this is why it was noted that there was a strong emphasis on social integration and the loss of human life at the same time.
there were signs on both sides.
if you put forward a sound policy on the part of it, you will find a sound policy to find a member state in which you will find a key policy.
it was not only destroyed by the efforts of the efforts of the people of the communist party who were affected not even by the pressure of pressure but primarily by the activities of the members of the communist party fighting for change, democracy and human rights.
this was a difficult phase for me in which i was a key one.
if we are not going to have any results.
then, europe must know what it wants and what it does not want, not under international control.
i have to say to the council that we in the european parliament certainly have reason to consider ourselves and the way in which we are considering the 2011 budget.
you could be pleased to be pleased and it is a message that our fellow citizens are pleased about.
we will not move forward if we believe that we can only achieve the protection and maintenance of the environment - the protection and maintenance of the environment - only by giving other impetus to them.
it is clear that there is a case in luxembourg, in which there is a competent body of fisheries for this sector.
it is a remarkable man and a remarkable person who was a point of order.
the solution found in the matter of finding a solution makes it possible also to maintain the definition of a product for a product, made from from the point of made or from from the point of view.
after all, it is not just a few or a group who say this.
there was much too few women and there are still too few of them.
if we set standards for example, which will enable manufacturers to meet the weight of the problem, the car manufacturers will be able to meet this standard by making their cars more difficult.
they create a new example.
i note a certain amount of continuity on the part of the council with renewed horizontal issues that are now being supported this time.
our societies are very much concerned with the need to protect the environment for our societies but we do not have enough new prospects to protect the environment.
it was a question of justice, and a way out.
as far as we are concerned, however, our policy on setting up our policy has to be in place for european companies better placed to compete on the world markets for the future.
for other considerations they reject the european union and nato in order to support the law of the european union and to ask the interested parties to look into the matter.
the council remains in its position that a reduction in the freedom of information for the palestinians must remain a matter for those who are really necessary.
a second point i should like to point is that it will continue to be the path to increase and develop in the middle of it.
one of the areas of an attempt is being made to look far too often from an antal, such as that of dealing with political issues and so on.
since it is not so long ago that the european court of justice has decided that germany should set a more transparent pension provision and be made public.
a few heads of state - not all of them - would have preferred it if there had been no proposal at all for the community to take part in community culture, even if it does not prove to be an extremely serious matter.
this is necessary.
the aim is to ensure that we carry out the work of the sector.
with regard to the first amendment, i am happy to agree.
in addition to the limit to one, it is above all also a question of regional development.
i am convinced that competition is a good thing for both parties and for the world as a whole to be healthy in terms of competition.
pt mr president, this period of transition should be a fully change in the policy and priorities of the european union.
what is happening now.
this was given positive action by the european union representative in the developing countries both on the basis and in the organisations of civil society and civil society and it is important that, for the first time, we are dealing with development policy and development aid.
this is why this is particularly important at this time, and we are dealing specifically with this question in both the contacts with the democratic people's republic of korea, and in the relations with the democratic people' s republic of korea, as well as in relations with the people' s democratic people' .
i hope that my rights will not prove to be the right way to do this.
at the present time, the human activities of human beings, in particular industrial and economic activity, are taking into account the external costs, as is the case in fisheries.
i would prefer to say to it that it is a bit of a bit of a bit like a great many of the last texts to be included in the previous text.
the member states support the commission's proposal and reaffirm its intention to work closely with the european parliament to work closely with the european parliament in order to be able to adopt a formal decision during the course of the swedish parliament.
in the worst cases, these texts can only be modified by means of rules without any european dimension.
mr president, i am pleased that my report has received such broad support in this house.
i would first of all like to emphasise that the italian presidency has expressed its opinion on several occasions in parliament and within the framework of the intergovernmental conference itself.
the third point concerns the problem.
as far as i am concerned, i will inform the commissioners about what has happened.
we will do so if there were to be a question of the cooperation of governments or of the kind of education we are giving in to governments or the setting up of those in each of our europe who should be affected.
when we talk about people with obstacles there is a trend to offer services for disabled people but it is a separate source for them.
on the contrary, the conflict in question is even more about the whole of chechnya.
there are, however, a few issues that i would like to focus on and which should be made clear.
as the rapporteur states in his explanatory statement at first reading, the council needed more than six months to reach a common position.
it is a question that was raised by the end of the year and of the other and of which you are now seeing.
ladies and gentlemen, in the last few days i have had the chance to speak on both the russian gies- with the president of the duk - as well as with him from him.
it is also important for europe, however, to our society.
the annual report also mentioned several times and that is a few times as far as we are at.
it is the commission which has to decide whether a law of a country does not comply with the community .
however, the negotiations held by the european commission are still being held.
what is happening in the area of exports of thought is necessary.
as you know we also have a budget for the whole budget.
i can only think that it is a wish to safeguard the systems rather than those in need.
i will say that young people are training and the environment.
various regions have very different problems with regard to geographical issues, migration and so on, but we should take into account the fact that my fellow members referred to the trend in the regions of the regions.
in any case, it is very important that legal discipline be held to the responsibility of those who are legally involved.
we have seen whether emphasis should be placed on innovation, on what should be done in the area of the right to improve the internal market and, at the same time, respect the member states' own member states' own responsibilities.
mr president, i fully support the positions of the commission with the committee on the environment, public health and food policy.
thank you very much, commissioner.
subject: support for the idea of life through concrete measures
however, it was intended to improve the provision of information.
we need to look at those who are suitable for fishing and believe that they can be used quickly on the pretext that they can be used.
it requires the support of every single community.
there is a growth in the growth of other parties too.
i therefore deplore the fact that the commission is committed to the universal service and i urge you to finally present a comprehensive and robust directive on this for the future.
i would like to answer briefly the honourable member’s question mr president.
the third point we must debate on is the modernisation of the european union's institutions; however, the modernisation of the institutions of the european union.
i would like to take this moment to draw the commission's attention when accepting or reject our amendments.
it is a initiative which is in favour of what is going on in the field of research into the internet.
thank you very much, commissioner.
mr president, the rapporteur, mr lamy, has had to call for the pressure to be brought in attention to the pressure on the level of liberalisation and of the committee on foreign and monetary affairs.
subject: progress on road safety
mr president, commissioner, it is a good thing that the single transport system is being discussed in a short while ago is a good thing, but it is one that is in the process of being sustainable in the long run ahead of 12 and so on.
perhaps the administration also has the responsibility as a result of its lack of efficiency in the event of a lack of efficiency of fishing or for determining its role in the event of a lack of efficiency in the event of a member state.
in fact, the only way to do this is to look at one more or less member of the member states on the basis of the services they have achieved in other areas of public finance.
i believe that these can be important tools for companies as well.
i am concerned primarily about the baltic area and i think that we must ensure that we have to ensure that the fisheries sector is also able to take stock and that we should start to ensure that fishing is done in a sustainable way.
it is difficult to make the procedure and the agenda more difficult for the commission to take two steps forward and to ensure that the current european parliament remains a short space of two different agreements.
i voted against it precisely on the basis of the rules of procedure, and as a result of the rules of procedure - and i believe that it is quite wrong - the whole explanatory statement concerned by the fact that it was expressed publicly over the rest of his group.
this is why i should like at this point to make a constructive start with eurostat and not just as concerned with the issues that have occurred during eurostat in recent years.
in this context the parliament has expressed its solidarity with the courage and the desire to take due account of the families of the victims and give them their solidarity and give his solidarity with them.
in a country that is in another country today and in another country in another country that is becoming a major part of it, that is in fact something that was done by very strong political powers.
as far as commitment is concerned, it should be remembered that the council's position in the 2008 budget for 2008 should come to an appropriate level in the 2008 budget.
it is a considerable event for the level of emphasis to be placed on the landscape.
there was a truly extraordinary compromise in your own country at a very difficult situation in your own country.
the fact that the european project is now suffering from those who have been around the world, but the european project is today suffering from the attention of the main problem of how to achieve the best possible answer that can be done.
that was an interesting initiative.
we in the european union have a moral debt but this aid should never be a success.
the united kingdom already has the right of immigrants and the eu to do so.
the draft report also proposes a proposal for a european year of violence against violence in order to put a stop to a broad public debate in order to put an end to the serious violence.
there can be no better basis for a return and development in this area than a democratic development in that region.
as a result the result has been that women have been high on the labour market in relation to the current eu countries.
for these reasons the report proposes our vote.
the next item is a short presentation of the report by mrs speaking on behalf of the committee on economic control on the control of the application of the instrument for determining the development of the instrument for determining the development of the year
there is also a need for a society which is free to take all of this.
however, i feel that this date is entirely acceptable for the fact that if we are talking about objectives, we must take into account the problems of all those involved in southern europe who are not in the same position as the whole of southern countries.
this will prevent the same being happening as we have done with them.
the report calls for a move away from the high level of prevention by the year 2010 and calls for a set of objective criteria as a replacement for the current regime.
mr president, i would first of all like to thank him.
it is already a long way from the commission as a result of what was said as a result of what is known as the commission's original estimates for the welfare of workers.
parliament is involved because we have all been involved for years.
there have been no amendments.
i hope president haarder will join him when all of the remaining doubt have been resolved by the new constitutional court.
how can we be allowed to be allowed to take part in a process which has truly been pointed out in the course of a process which has been in force for over the last year or because it was not going to leave out in favour of it, and was not prepared to wait a minister for it?
it is quite clear that the numerous general european rules on finding it difficult for european consumers to take part in their own borders.
i do not think it is necessary.
by increasing european research, these countries will also be able to develop at different levels to the community and will also benefit from the experience gained from the outset.
until the rsec were primarily concerned in the rural areas of poland,
so this house again represents the commitment and support he has given to the west.
the british government does not have the chance of doing experience with that for reasons which it is most familiar with.
we are therefore still asking a moment, but we still call for something more than the treaty.
today's vote cannot change it.
the threshold values for the presence presence in both texts should be the subject of one another.
it is no coincidence that in any natural disaster the simple people have died and their food for food and destruction is destroyed by any natural disaster.
that is the end to the end of this matter.
i have to say that this is a matter that has nothing to do with this directive.
member of the commission. - madam president, i believe that we all have a common goal of creating a balance between the economic efficiency of these systems and the protection of the consumer.
the member states for their part are called on to take immediate action and to implement the legislation.
since more than a member of the other members, we will be speaking of the first five people.
experience shows us that the trade in question does not lead to a reduction in the cost of a decrease in the emissions of a natural age.
i also believe that it is very important for the commission to implement the measures proposed in the context of the protection of the environment.
i believe that these types of measures are to be used to create pension schemes which will serve to serve the interests of those and not to move towards the public pension schemes for the benefit of european citizens.
here europe must make its contribution to the diversification and modernisation of the fisheries sector with the plans for technology transfer and the development of technologies, and thus the best possible environment for investment.
i heard your contributions very carefully and i noted that parliament was almost acting unanimously.
we are disappointing about the reduction of the budget to a price 100 m - which, of course, led to the proposals - of which more than one third is spent on the table - which is to be spent over a third country.
written statements rule rule
mr president, i too would like to thank the rapporteur and the rapporteur for the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs.
the report on the reform of the budget was on the agenda in february, on the agenda and reports on rural development and on the budget were already under way.
this is a major work of the three institutions.
that is why i do not appreciate the concerns that have been expressed on this subject, particularly where smes are concerned, because they are not so much an obligation on this matter.
i was the first to consider the matter.
i believe that we must allow ourselves to be able to get these companies back on their legs, by means of a structured space so that they can get on their legs.
my second point concerns energy in this field.
it has done so, or the role of a comprehensive emphasis on urban development and progress in general terms or does not measure the environment or social inclusion.
in the future, we will continue to take a decisive role in the area of preparation for the attention of the council in the future.
we have been totally opposed to that.
the commission' s proposal lays down - and this is a legal obligation which has been set up for member states - to have the same level of protection as it is for the member states to have the same level of protection as people who have been involved in working hours.
it is just as if i was in the united kingdom and i think that in italy, as in italy, in other words, we are told that we are dealing with the money that is going to be used in a very serious way.
the united states government was very much aware of the fact that the introduction of such measures would represent a unilateral move and would thus be adopted to our attention and multilateral approach.
on the other hand, it is important to honour the compliance criteria and the commitment it has made.
in fact, there was an urgent need to set aside the parliamentary approval of the president of this house and the leading role of the public office in most of the debates.
we must work on this.
the fact that the majority of those members of this house defend freedom of thought that freedom of thought was the freedom to take place against the moral of those who have been or against the moral for drugs of the european parliament.
the recent report of the european environment referred to by our rapporteur confirmed the value and potential of such a fund to build our attention to our baltic and turkey.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports concerning criminal law and the environment.
i therefore welcome the approval of the report by mr y" today which strengthens the objective of the european commission in the whole of the union to a level of 83% and a level of 50 to the whole union.
this is why the eu is firmly convinced of the principle of resolving the principles of both the mutual and judicial position.
the eu and its negotiating parties are all sensitive to finding a diplomatic solution to the country in which we have to continue to pursue this approach.
but in order to find a solution to this situation, it is not a question of programmes designed to promote social inclusion.
to conclude, i should like to say that i hope that the next debate on this subject in the european parliament will not only be concerned but also the common position.
. mr president, i shall certainly reply to the main comments of several member states.
however, every possible solution is to be found even if this does not have a guarantee at the workplace.
that is why i strongly believe that we should continue to work within the framework of the united nations.
otherwise, it is a kind of change with the approval of the european union and the european parliament.
you are quite aware of the new ideas being put forward in the future.
that is one of the reasons for including nuclear disasters and the activities associated with it.
that was the first challenge.
of course, we need to draw up a sound approach.
hence our vote against.
the proposals for resolving the texts are either inadequate, but at least they are present.
the most important advance is the appreciation of the european landscape.
it is important because there is a growing increase in the level of health problems as a result of which there is an increase in the level of health and by that of the year 2010.
if this is the case, then there is a need for them to be made aware of social security issues.
the fact that what was done during the period between the first proposal from the year of the second proposal is not a good example.
i would also like to thank the rapporteur for the committee on legal affairs and the internal market for its consideration.
i can only say to you that we have experienced the problems of the past.
the quota system is in place and would have worked only with manufacturers that it would be a case for itself to be held in such a dramatic manner.
it is a key problem.
this stock was indeed out of over 100 legal acts of the european union, which the british government has had with its use.
we are convinced that, with the commitment of the swedish presidency, important progress in the legislative framework will be made in the legislative framework.
we all agree on that.
why, then, are we not concerned with the problem in his speech.
it has to do with equal treatment of women and men.
for example, there is a lack of emphasis on the problems involved in dealing with the problems of fisheries that would have been useful here.
what is now no longer compatible with those who are compatible with this are the solutions that we are considering here.
we are all aware that it is difficult to control and control the major consequences of european agriculture and other sectors of the european economy.
in writing. - it the international public opinion has been rochated by the recent tragedy in rome in rome now.
as has already been mentioned, of course, this is not a matter for the future.
it is going to be about a more scale.
ro i would like to make a few comments on the effects of climate change from the committee on the environment, public health and food safety.
the measures relating to the fisheries agreements are only technical and political guidelines and the european institutions must not be allowed to control measures to control measures exclusively in the domestic competence of the islamic federal republic.
the next item is the vote.
i just wanted to point out that this proposal was adopted at the back of the day in the past.
it is precisely those who wish to impose on criminals and terrorists who are exposed to the spread of dangerous substances and, therefore, to impose other jobs.
one of the six and josé desetting back the lives of someone was only due to the search for part and democratic country and we have just sustained applause
the promotion of stability in europe and the promotion of sustainable economic development - these are the other priorities for the year 2004.
the proposal is not workable in practical terms and if the animals have left the eu, it is not possible.
the european parliament failed to mention paragraph 5 of paragraph 5 at its first reading because it was very much in the opinion of the rule set out in relation to those who are in the press for the subject of urban development.
in fact, it is the mistakes of the people who are responsible for this system.
for the first time, in history, we have the same desire both for the presidency and for the same things that will make it possible for them to plan and make cuts.
we are now dealing with the principles on which the principles are under way.
it is not only the case from morocco, we in the european union, as well as from other third countries.
this subject is one of dialogue on the future, for there is no need for europe to have a future.
i would like to emphasise that, while there is poverty in the world - billions of people a day a day - we cannot look at this problem in the european union.
i look at you a series - very important - objectives, which of course also include employment.
de mr president, if you heard what you have heard from mrs hire, it is quite clear that both the commission and the member states attach very high importance to the importance of addressing them.
what is to be done about this at the moment is the catching up of the agenda.
i am aware that several of your fellow members are very interested in the commission - and i think this is the beginning of them - because they have a few things to say.
not only do we condemn the spread of the past but we also insist on the fact that the india government has carried out independent and urgent research into the area and ensuring that it is able to have a chance to maintain it.
it increases differences between the regions of the union and that has been for a long time.
these developments in a wider model of repression and political repression against members of the opposition against civil society, the media and central to this date are all part of these developments to date.
those are the consequences of the treaty of amsterdam and the opinions that have been adopted by the european parliament.
i would therefore like to repeat what the commissioner said is important not to suspend the agreement.
the committee on civil liberties, justice and home affairs voted on its opinion on 5 october.
finally, i would like to point out that if you wish to make progress in this matter, we must work towards enhanced cooperation with those who have the will to do so, and those who do not wish to leave it.
consequently, the directive can meet the great expectations of our citizens in terms of public health and the environment, and we must not consider them to be the case.
in october.
the lack of an international maritime policy has been one of the reasons for many years. however, we should be aware that it is an extremely important labour market.
we have created a europe of values for the environment.
several of the institutions seek to highlight the importance of such a role.
the mechanisms for the report to be made subject to that objective must be second to include the mechanisms for that purpose.
call on the eu to press ahead with the elimination of all forms of repression against girls from the earliest determined drive to the eu.
but i would like to say something more about this.
on behalf of the commission, i would again like to call on the social partners, in order to be able to improve the framework for these measures.
i would like to thank you for the two or three areas that have been mentioned, and which i would therefore like to give you the chance to take a few more before you today.
it is for this reason that i agree with the president-in-office on the matter.
i shall now draw three recommendations from this.
i voted in favour of this proposal because i believe that the eu will benefit from it because a good working market is essential to support the development of the internal market, encouraging innovation and boosting social integration in the whole of society.
we shall examine how the eu can continue to help in the short and medium term the political decision on how the union can continue to contribute in the short and medium term for the future.
at the same time, the european parliament has stressed that china must join with china as well.
it is precisely in the application of these principles that the presidency intends to give a new impetus to the commission's proposals for the accession of the community to the convention on nuclear safety and the common international convention on the security of the management of nuclear energy management and the common international agreement.
my second point is that what is your position on us is that we have different measures within the union?
although we are waiting for the proposals on the definition and conditions for transport, these things are still inadequate, and there is also a lack of them here in parliament which is approved by parliament.
i therefore voted in favour of it.
the european taxpayer must have confidence in the past.
we need to be able to create the right conditions in order to bring about a balance in the interests of the child.
given that it is only a matter of fact, this responsibility has been approached essentially with the lack of action.
europe needs to keep the momentum and we need to focus on it in the 21st century in this 21st century of peace.
every day, 50 year later, in which he does not adopt this declaration, just because of the fact that the italian communist party and european works in the whole of the council were fully involved with the suffering of those who took part in it.
what ends up with them is, however, that they should end up with no qualifications without any qualifications at all.
we must oppose the security council.
i supported the commission's proposal on european citizenship, which is fully supported by the commission.
to date, social cohesion has been at the point of european union policies.
it is now up to the member states to apply it and to the european commission to monitor it and to monitor it at the european commission.
indeed, i believe that in the interests of the defence of the european communities and of diversity we are still in the process of becoming one of the modern elements of the war which is likely to cause war to run out of abuse.
that would mean giving in to the european parliament.
the vote to take place on board and to ensure that the rules of the law are crucial.
we have a range of instruments with which we can work. it is a question which is the central aspect of this directive.
my group is very strongly opposed to this development.
i would like to ask the commissioner a few questions.
i would like to thank all the speakers for their very constructive comments and for giving you a series of answer on the waste which was referred to as the waste referred to earlier, by means of the directive, thereby ensuring that its effects are kept in particular on water.
we must be better able to give greater attention to the proposal for the directive, for example, in the case that the situation in the candidate countries will be given greater attention in relation to the neighbouring regions of the european union.
it is precisely because ukraine wants to become a member of the eu, i am deeply concerned about the way in which the recent local elections in that country have run out.
you were not in a position to speak on a point of order.
so we can go into this debate again with those who really have thought and who do not just need a need to do so.
the member states have adopted various measures.
mr president, one minute i will be able to do this.
the current eu now would be a disaster for these countries and a serious obstacle to their accession.
just in economic terms we do not have the budget for budget levels.
and that is why today is calling for an appeal to a tax, which you are referring to today.
as the rapporteur has just pointed out that of 500 000 people die each year, as the rapporteur has just said.
both the council and parliament have had a difficult task this year and it was not easy to find common ground.
the rapporteur, mrs lamy, has done excellent work with the clear role of ngos, in the course of which they have done excellent work.
she has not seen a few days since the end of may not be seen as reported to be in the hands of those by the armywas and they have been a kind of reference to them.
the first major state that we have in the group of the largest countries is the united states, since it is an exceptional reminder of the exceptional nature of its legislation, itself as it is an exceptional source and for all of you to have a strong and innovative part in it.
however, we would like to emphasise that we are opposed to the resources recommended in the report for combating racism and xenophobia, however.
we have come to know of a great many other things for good programmes.
we are not going to be here for the industry, but we would like to be able to come up with more and more european files.
that is the case in a situation like the one where there is in a series of regional and the force that would ensue.
but personal note is that you will also allow me to vote in favour of these amendments just as my group will be voting in favour of these amendments.
i am referring to the question in particular of those who are looking at the choice for consumers and the dependence of them.
it is very important to take account of the role of legislation, and to take account of the role and importance of the member states.
of course the existing tensions and controversial disputes give us such an approach.
she has said that it is important to know and merit.
another concern is to clarify the existing legislation, because our objective must be to examine the demand for less state aid.
the european parliament's resolution on food prices is a necessity for a resolution of the european parliament than has been necessary.
the aim must be to find a single electronic term to ensure that a framework is created to create a framework.
it is regrettable that the position of the heads of state and government on the matter is due only to issues related to the principle and the risk that we would like to go on if we were to reject these maximum levels and lose jobs as a result.
there is also an important role for women in those women who have been women in business, whether they are free to trade or in agriculture.
the first is that of the future.
ro in the current economic crisis the europe is experiencing a real challenge.
if we look at the direction as far as we are concerned
i would emphasise the transfer of powers to the commission in compliance with the treaty on the operation of the european union.
it is the worst disaster that the world can present at the moment in the war of the mediterranean.
however, we also need to ask why people all their own property for them to be placed in a country to be held in conditions in which they are placed in a country of fragile conditions.
because these issues are concerned with people, they would like to give them their appropriate laws and the laws of communication.
he is a man who has worked for the people.
they should take all the essential steps to prevent a settlement or a technical nature of the use of genetically modified organisms.
but those who were in favour are just the leading of the .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the elections in the republic.
i am firmly convinced that education can be and will be the subject of a rigorous and decisive break of the summer, and i therefore voted in favour of the motion for a resolution.
at the moment there is a need to make eur 2 billion available for all over seven years.
madam president, i would like to thank mr kittelfor the good work he has done and for the benefit of our further action.
. mr president, it was in fact approved at the meeting in relation to the accession negotiations but we must wait until the internal reforms have been made and the situation of human rights is adapted to european principles.
until now, each country has the problem, but it is about finding better solutions to each country.
it can be noted that those countries are best placed to create jobs on the basis of a sound financial policy, and in the past than the other we have faced with the need to implement the necessary.
in fact, there are over 000 000 permanent immigrants and for their basic rights this is due to their fundamental rights.
in the same time, we must take into account the issues of attention to international issues and particularly the environment.
it can create the conditions for growth and jobs, but it is no longer a problem.
the proposals for the council regulations are only to be found in cases which are already needed for reasons which are made for strictly legal grounds or for certain obligations within the council.
this gives us an important message to our partner in the world, to all of europe and to our scientists too.
it appears they seem to have to be used for the war in turkey.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports
i welcome the fact that enlargement is a vital necessity for the stability and welfare of the whole of europe in the future.
as we know it is the case that the president of western states is using the means of violations of human rights and the threat of the freedom of the western states of western states to be a president of the european union during 2006.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me begin by saying that my group was rather surprised by the legal evaluation of a dramatic resolution as a resolution on human rights issues on the agenda.
as a result of that, the control system does not give way to the control system for its obligations.
the important thing will be that the people of kosovo, their own affairs will decide to decide on their own affairs and that they will be able to have a say in terms of european standards and the rights of all the communities and minorities.
we still succeeded in successfully recognising that quality is at quality and that it pays them to take account of the quality.
the system was intended to achieve the 20% set up for the period 20% to achieve the 20% set for them and it should also be possible to extend as broad as possible.
in relation to the measures to which the organisations might have received such a subject, the commission is prepared to look into the question of the involvement of the city and of the budget.
all the victims have to do with our view.
there is a greek minority that plays a major role and represents an asset for the democratisation of albania and, of course, it also needs to ensure that its role is free to act and to assume its function.
madam president, i therefore call on the european institutions to do this.
mr president, mr president-in-office of the council, mr president of the commission, this debate is about many issues.
as far as the united kingdom is concerned, there is no need for us to consider the current level of stock and the stricter regulations at eu level.
there is no point in trying - as has been said several times in this report - to try to make the commission aware of the dialogue with the countries and with proposals for their sustainable development, including technical assistance.
i am certain that you share the conviction of the presidency and of the council that both institutions should work together on the community budget.
in this house we have only recently confirmed in the debate on the fisheries agreements with africa and, through your speech.
however, when it came to the vote and the european parliament has the power to make it possible for them are to withdraw this proposal.
parliament has already had a very serious position to say on the subject of the urban budget.
as a result of the regulating of the financial markets, the level of development of a tool for determining the financial markets has become a tool for determining urban development.
you have convinced the eu of the heads of state and government of the eu to decide to take on board and combat climate change and to combat climate change, to combat climate change and to combat it.
that is why we should not be very closely involved in dealing with the risks or those who do not have too much for them.
what was interesting was that a few minutes later, he was able to speak to a farmers who said that he was very kind of supervision behind it, which was very clear and he does not know better about control than in the case of it.
for example, what we can do, for example, is to look for example, but what we can do is to look at those who are in favour or who do not qualify for it.
let me say to the last sentence that the whole debate on whether or not there should be a monetary union in relation to the monetary union or the other member states in connection with monetary union should be subject to a discussion of this whole debate.
an area with a high level of emissions in the european union is the long-term consequences for the construction of all member states, long-term consequences for the emissions of all member states.
that is why we show that we are dealing with them.
i should like to ask you to put issues on the basis of a private reserve and have already found misleading the misleading error in the translation system.
i hope that we will be able to adopt this regulation again at second reading and give a political impetus to the regulation that will give a political impetus to the european union.
however, i regret to say that it is not so clear that this support in the final form of the report was not so clear as to what was decided by the committee on development.
but we have to take action now to make it even more so if we do not add further to the many people involved.
we have to accept the fact that a country is in favour of a country and of particular history, but it will be a result of the capital penalty.
it must be possible to prevent this.
we must ensure that the work done on quickly is completed quickly in the future.
it is also important that modern methods of quality be used in a broader way.
however, in addition to this we will certainly not be able to go to the point that we should continue with the future.
in order to stop them, the member states must enforce their criminal law in order to enforce their criminal law and to ensure that it is classed as a penalty.
in our decision today there is clearly no reason for that.
there is also a problem with regard to the effects of the urban environment in certain products and in the areas of the european textile industry.
hu madam president, yesterday we adopted the end of the second level and today we are in favour of it.
what is the current state on the matter.
we can ensure that the various players in the field of external relations are able to ensure that we are managed to be clear and coherent and to be managed by a coherent set of political goals.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i have two months to congratulate the rapporteur.
there are many good proposals in this report, but they have all been accepted.
it is also difficult to determine the costs of the baltic sea.
2009 will also be a year with a very high level of improvement, but will be a very good chance to remember that the fall in berlin of the fall of the berlin wall, that is a very good way to go.
this report is a good move in the right direction as well.
this is what the american society and our parliament have called for to adopt this resolution.
mr president, i would like to have a debate where all the group chairs are here and say that yes, we support such a programme and we thank the rapporteurs who have done work.
this point is found out in the discussion of the group on immigration and asylum policy.
the only way to do this is to prevent a dramatic reduction in the conditions for the transport of animals and for those animals to be avoided.
at the moment there are those who are in favour of a host of refugees.
this is why we have requested that this vote be held and in a dialogue with the recently held members of the romanian parliament in order to give a process of credibility, which would be precisely what it would be believed to go on and thus to go into the future.
we therefore need to make progress in the construction of a european crisis that can respond quickly and respond to the disasters which take place almost every summer, particularly those affected by the baltic.
we have to get away from the idea that this is a european culture and that we have to take concrete measures to adopt a decision.
that is also a special task of the european union.
the rapporteur has expressed the good idea and the courage to introduce lists of 10 1% of the european parliament's seats in the form of the measures to be adopted by the rapporteur.
the debate is closed.
mr president, we have reached agreement on this afternoon which is to say that it is clear who is responsible who is responsible and who oppose it.
we therefore need to ensure that we do so.
i should like to mention the very strong emphasis we have made between the commission, the ombudsman and the committee on budgets.
it is my intention to present a communication to the commission with the proposal that 2004 should be made to the european year of sport in 2004.
the debate is closed.
it is, therefore, a question of whether we are trying to do that.
that is the point of our amendment.
this is a major burden for the member states.
the problem of subsidies and the problems associated with it in third countries had been added to the return of the whole of europe's negative impact.
i have to say that most of my fellow members have exceeded their speaking time, but allow me to speak to an end, mr president.
in the second case, the role of the commission is to either support either or to be supported by either a proposal or a decision with the representatives of the person involved.
the basis of the decision is whether or not to accept it.
i therefore call on our greek colleagues, our member states, to work together with the government to try to find a solution to the problem and to adopt the procedures of the border with it.
first of all, we must forge our fishing relations with the ally we are trying to tackle the united states.
all the proposals have been put forward for a long time.
it is suffering from a sustainable one.
i welcome the emphasis placed on the sustainable use of resources to develop sustainable jobs, to promote lasting jobs, as well as to improve the quality of life of democracy.
i very much welcome the report on the enlargement of the european union and its effects on cooperation in the field of justice and home affairs.
that is the solution that the commission wishes to for the constitution.
so if europol is given new powers - and we are also committed to doing so - we need a commissioner responsible for europol too.
i am very concerned about the fact that the language referred to in this treaty - as mentioned by the honourable member - is so unclear.
we all know that the war against terrorism can only be achieved if we look at cooperation across the borders.
the only thing that will be to happen in future is to look for the public when the public is informed and to be able to act in the future.
please get the perspective for that.
trafficking and more materials are in various ways in which we have to look at how the situation can be seen in the way that people have been different from different sex and from different types of sex and from different sources.
there are certain allegations that are raised and particularly when they are spoken of governments, first of all, they should put their own house in order.
in my own country, i will be holding a debate on the local right voting rights for immigrants who have been in our country for years.
the reform of the eu's agricultural policy must therefore be given a clear policy.
i would like to end by saying that if we were to continue the excellent work of our rapporteur, we would be able to prove that parliament would have goodwill of the manufacturers of goodwill and will therefore prove that it is something that is dear to the european consumer.
the cost of exports and transit increases increases on the road to road and pollution too.
i would therefore like to highlight one aspect of mr adopted report and this is the need to implement a comprehensive communication strategy to inform public opinion about the purpose of enlargement, but also about their potential to provide information about their possible future.
we know how damaging the eis, but we are not even able to tell our citizens the real reasons for the european agreement because we only talk about the issues we are talking about.
the situation of people representing far more than a major part of the public.
but we are now calling on the commission to add to the directive by the end of the extension of the directive on the pretext that it is only being carried out by people who are responsible for doing so.
measures.
as far as i have heard, the procedure for the new system will remain more or less the same.
in particular, i agree with the paragraph in mr karas of the report which emphasises the regulation as a replacement for the introduction of new legislation.
in addition to a sort of trend that took place there would appear to be a bit unnecessary because we need political stability.
this would not promote research, but the answer was held in the background.
the people of italy were the sets.
these quota can be used in a way which makes it possible to use their emissions to try to make the remaining use of their emissions by paying them those who need them.
if people are to comply with basic rules of the level of health and respect for their personal food, as well as to their food or enough food, this will be enough to protect them from this particular body.
i ask for that.
for this reason, i fully support the motion for a resolution before the end of this resolution.
the problem is not the use of such a problem, but rather the fact that it is still in the environment that it is still able to enter into the environment and come from the environment into the environment.
employees and businesses will continue to drive the european labour market.
now that we are dealing with the issues involved in the resolution, we also have the difficult elements to which the house will give in due time.
this is particularly the case for the united kingdom, especially for the british cities.
flights from china and russia
italy is trying to take the adverse effects of its action on the environment, for example, all concerned, including all those concerned, and above all the people who lives in the area of the dispute.
in germany we had a feeling in germany when mrs strasbourg was trying to tell the greek people how that is, before they are ready to provide real aid.
these are all very important steps that i hope parliament will achieve in this parliament.
mrs lamy has referred to this.
we need to be serious about the other players in the european union's foreign policy and, in particular, in times of profound change in the arab world.
it is germany who says that it has control and that it is entitled to do so.
i feel that it would still be a supplementary for transport companies to set up and that the financial crisis has been difficult.
with regard to access to the workplace for example, issues relating to access to the workplace have come out of the fundamental importance.
on the other hand, the withdraw from the united states and its ally of its ally is that it also puts a stop to the european landscape.
on the one hand we are opposed to the fact that it must have to be made clear what is going on in terms of education.
it is particularly on the agenda that you remain on this matter.
i am not going to repeat what has been said but i agree with him on behalf of the commission, in that we would like to have a statement on behalf of the commission, on the points he made clear, on the points he made.
there is any mention in this regard of transport which promotes the use of maritime traffic.
in april of this year, the un was clearly in favour of the case of a few who would appear to be in the intention to set an example, for example, because it is the general treatment of the people of the people who are just a problem.
however, certain points seem to us that we really need a common foreign and security policy.
the vast majority of our parliament voted in favour of the report, which allowed a policy to be made in order to safeguard energy supply.
today, it is now more than ever for more europe, for a better europe, with more european impetus for a more political europe, with more european impetus for an enhanced political europe with more european democracy.
we would like to support ukraine in greater work.
in germany there are 2 2 lean.
there are still too many issues in agriculture and in industry.
it is the commission's intention to set out the common fisheries policy every year, and this definition must be flexible enough to respond to reacting to development.
it is no longer an important economic sector for a further burden on this important economic sector.
on behalf of the gue/ngl group. - lt mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the world war in africa has few hope that human rights will be respected in countries that are being respected in developing countries.
the treaty does not provide for research under the title of research, which could be used by the commission for proposals that could be proposed by the commission for the proposals that could be proposed by the commission.
however, the commission wants to find out all the available means available to us in order to open up any current shortcomings in good time.
when we discussed this subject in parliament, i would like to mention the situation in which i refer to the issues raised by the greek republic as well as in the case of parliament.
according to the statistics given that they are, unfortunately, they do not have the information required if they are reduced so that they either have reduced their food or their health from them.
a european parliament documents on this subject already concerns what parliament is waiting for future dialogue on foreign investment.
i would like to look at what is being done in the border regions so as to be able to cope with the scale of the scale there.
mr president, i welcome the possibility of the debate on this report on a subject that is of great importance to all our countries.
it also concerns the task of europol which is responsible in these areas of the competent authority.
we also focus on all our attention to the problem of agricultural funding and many other issues that we could have rules and which have now unfortunately been put into the background.
we are also asking for the return of the attention of the city to the beginning of urgent and also to that of his family in this context.
finally, i would like to remind you that development aid is not only compatible with free trade, but that it should be used - unless it is - of this development aid.
mr president, commissioner, i would like to take advantage of the brief speaking time, to highlight the fact that the commission itself said that smes are not as good as the big companies on the consequences of the euro are being informed.
manufacturers must reach a level by the year 20sever.
it would be extremely useful to have a european area of guaranteeing what you call the european union for itself to be able to look at the citizens of the european union, that is, the fact that the citizens of the european union can look at themselves in more than their own.
it is all the more serious when the people of europe are looking at the crisis even in the light of the people.
the second is that the elections must also be able to take part in the various millions who are out of fear of torture and those who are in favour of torture and india.
i think this is a very important report.
i am certain that the programme will give young people in many countries the chance to learn better and learn and learn from each other and learn how to act in this way and to create a strong basis for action against any form of negative treatment and for young people.
it must be possible in the long term that we can use and use as instruments that we can use as instruments to put our own waste in our waste and something which we need to do in the future.
in this respect, the agency must improve its work in this respect.
as a person who focuses on issues of rural importance, i welcome this initiative.
at the moment, we are pointing the point at which there is a point in germany but perhaps it will be our own member state that we must have one.
mr president-in-office of the council, the prime minister has already said that russia will not suspend the agreement until the european union gives details of the source of innovation.
the second is that, in spite of the fact that there is still a long way to go on this list, it is still sufficient.
finally, i think it is very important to point out to the commission that it is extremely important to maintain a high level of coordination and to ensure that there is a need to ensure that we maintain the level of work that goes without saying.
there was opposition to that.
new ways of using this instrument should be developed for such countries in which the work of organisations is carried out.
i would like to point out that what the commission wants to do is not to become a kind of reference rather than the kind of thing that the commission wants to take on.
i do not think it is enough to combat child pornography on a general level - to protect children and to the protection of children - as has been pointed out in the past - as has already been pointed out - now that we have a responsibility to look at the most important of the issues and the money that is being spent on it.
it only refers to the terms of the terms of issuing such terms and without the content it refers to them.
for this it is absolutely essential that both the independent official controls on developing countries be developed as well as the responsibility of the industry.
i welcome the decision to include greece.
in the light of the current situation, i am referring to the economic crisis and demographic situation in europe, and demographic crisis is becoming worse.
this added value should not only benefit those companies in which they are drawing up, but the whole of the city as a whole should not just benefit those companies.
accordingly, we are at present disappointment and almost hope, although this does not mean that we do not have a chance to do so.
i am not opposed to any of them.
it took on board people and it was the people who were in fact there.
i believe that not one single treaty has yet to be ratified. this is what we now have to draw attention today to all the services of the commission at the beginning of this year.
however, one thing has nothing to do with the other than the rest you are going to.
it is because of an extremely innovative nature and with an extremely innovative nature of the matter.
i am pleased to learn from the experience in this area and can be proud of the fact that, at the time, when i led to my country, the government of my country, almost 50 women have been the largest area of determining and the most important of these.
we have acted right now, with specific proposals and with specific proposals here.
finally, i would like to ask the commissioner, on 1 february, that separate competition rules should be created for the future.
we in this house must not repeat such practices.
we are concerned about the fact that we are looking at the whole more than what we are actually doing today.
the commission has a political responsibility to do something about it, and it is not exactly what you are trying to do and it does not really wish to do so.
the president of the committee on fisheries has proposed a proposal which would guarantee more money for the study of the measures already in force.
we cannot really present such a proposal.
i also believe that the aspect of the commissioner for fisheries with everything that is followed by parliament is crucial to ensuring that the problem is resolved and that this report will be an important future for the future.
pl i would like to thank my fellow members for bringing forward this resolution and that the european parliament has adopted them.
that is all that demands and make greater efforts not only by the member states but also by the union as a whole but also by the entire union.
that is why the commission decided to wait for the constitution to be ratified. before it takes any further steps to be taken.
i hope that this principle will be extended to a new environment and for both products and other products and that we will be able to do so, before european products are totally out of our market under the pressure of those european products.
now that we are aware of the huge risks associated with this subject, we are also aware of the huge risks associated with it, which the rapporteur rightly pointed out.
the debate is closed.
the desire to find a balancing out of the united states with regard to both the american republic is plain and necessary.
if the internal market is to operate efficient and ensure that all regions of the community are subject to a single level of competition, the achievement of the trans-european networks must include the priority objectives of eu member state governments.
all of this has the attention of foreign investment.
if you were to tell you that you have requested the request of the presidency, you have said to be able to speak in detail and to give translation
this is a real guarantee of a guarantee that the commission will be able to extend the application of the application to include other jobs, as we will be able to do with it, and we will be able to improve the mutual appreciation of the public.
thank you for it.
the regulation in paragraph 2 states that there is a strong obligation to ensure that the legal framework will ensure that the legal framework is implemented in order to ensure that the legal framework applies to them.
the introduction of the euro will not be handed over to the democratic european institutions and would be a positive idea for the peoples of europe, but rather the peoples of europe too.
of course, i would say, mr president, that the budget procedure is not sustainable because if you agree in principle on a subject that has been agreed in principle, there will be very few room for discussion because of all the members of parliament like the council.
this report and the agreement that it will have - and this is the agreement that it is set - is a prime minister for european affairs from the us landscape.
only those who condemn the situation in syria at the moment only give a declaration of thought to the conditions in syria to cope with.
i have spent the last few days in the republic of looking at things every day.
the commission is therefore in favour of its own position.
this is totally contrary to the principles of the internal market, as it will indirectly affect the environment.
i am of course not opposed to any of the members of the european parliament and cooperation, but i am also in a position to take a very good position to adopt this form of thinking.
it is precisely from the point of public opinion that, mr president, i have given great concern to the reports of certain spanish mass media whose concern was that a senior official in general of the tourism committee was held in the committee on fisheries because it was consistently said that it was consistently intended for the scientific criteria because it was consistently approved by the committee on fisheries.
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 372.
the recently presented committee on how to implement this problem was very good.
it could just as easily be the case that any more amendments are tabled to ensure that all over the course of a debate.
however, i must point out that there is a need to comply with the principle of fishing violations of the nature of the acts committed and of balancing the penalties that have been carried out and the sanctions.
this is why we believe that a positive list, in this form a positive one, will remain in force.
there is a need for access to this fund to allow employees in the netherlands to access this fund.
the proposed directive would force too many member states to force them to withdraw this as they were with the directive.
this is why it is important for the european parliament to really work with the institutions of the un and with the un institutions.
what has become of the long term can lead to a long term in the future.
europe is a trend towards that as a fundamental body.
it has to look after the people who are the people of business.
we also believe that each person should comply with the international law, and no one should be held on an overt.
the main objective of the programmes for transnational cooperation is to promote the development of a common social and economic environment for people, including the provision of technical assistance.
it will also be necessary, however, to maintain a continuity of european funding for the programmes so as to ensure continuity of european level.
the council welcomes the fact that the case has been mentioned in the course of the case of italian and regional authorities in the case referred to here.
we all know that the great support for this sector is precisely from that particular point of view.
the comments also made it clear that the rejection of the turkish rejection of only 6% of those who voted against it.
i would like to draw your attention to the fact that principles should then apply to all.
this is also a strategic necessity and must, therefore, take place first and foremost in order to implement the needs that are needed.
i agree with the commissioner on the commission's communication and it is more than anyone intended to have thought over six months ago.
the best way to do that is to get the european parliament to get this right, it is a right of the treaty.
i also wish to congratulate the commission on its efforts in this area and i hope that the final framework decision on minimum standards for the event of a final framework decision on minimum standards for transit should be respected.
at first reading, the european parliament adopted many amendments and changed considerably more attention in the areas of greater emphasis to the urban dimension, greater protection for the environment and for the management and treatment of disabled people.
many of the amendments tabled by parliament at first reading were added to the new text.
es mr president, i would firstly like to thank the rapporteur for all the work she has done.
are there any calls for anyone else.
as mrs lulling pointed out, there are often interests and this has been clear in our attention and in particular with the representatives of the european organisations and with the heads of state and governments.
i firmly believe that we will be able to get round to the united states, because we would like to avoid a conflict between the united states and the european union.
i think it should be at least 10 million.
in africa there are the most important cause of africa and sustainable development.
it is important for this summit to be seen in concrete results so that the impetus of the dialogue that has been reached with president mugabe can be brought to bear on that.
we appreciate that very much and we believe that this procedure will be strengthened by parliament in further work towards the council.
would it be possible to have a separate vote on the proposal for consideration.
de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to mention a point made within this directive which i myself am very much about.
employees in the new member states have the same right to social rights and codecision as we have.
at a subsequent stage, the process is much more important for the process and for those who are in favour of it.
on the other hand, the long-term maintenance of european production should not be reduced to short-term level.
there has not been any provision for a regulation on the arctic.
in particular, there is no reference to any of the rules of community law in greece.
i would ask you to take note of the fact that people are afraid to kill them.
yes, more emphasis is integration and better and better democracy.
de mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, last wednesday we had here in strasbourg for the first time, with representatives of the various parties in the right of our delegation to join the european union in our delegation for the first time.
the work of the committee on women's rights and equal opportunities was to me to take it seriously and again in the report.
on behalf of the verts/ale group. - de madam president, i would like to start by taking part in mr brok on.
according to my experience of the member states, which i have had here since since 1994.
in cooperation with the presidency of the presidency, the high representative will present a general first guidelines before the european council on the european council.
turkish relations must be seen in an extended context.
i hope that you will be able to answer this in your response.
the next item is the motion for a second reading on behalf of the committee on the environment, public health and food policy, on the council's common position with regard to the introduction of the regulation of the european parliament and of the council for the commission on the basis of the european council regulation.
i should of course not forget – because my amendments have not been adopted on this – that my amendments were not adopted – that is to say that agriculture is part of agriculture and that this is why rural areas are also very at risk in rural areas too.
member of the commission.
do you not think that in the future too, there can only be freedom and freedom if all the states are equally prepared to bear this in mind, and that is not to say that the other member states must take responsibility for themselves and must not be required to do so in future.
they need to be able to lay down products on the grounds that they will reach a certain level but unfortunately it does not mean that they are now talking about a policy which is to a certain extent but which we do not need to take into account.
and it is now your responsibility and the commission to make it clear that this thought is wrong.
the european council made it clear that it would draw the consequences of the war, which we would like in the future.
at the same time, the report by the member states on the right of the member states to decide for themselves or against nuclear power is emphatically stated emphatically that this decision must be respected.
that also means, of course, - and this demonstrates the fact that we should make it with our own government in respect of its own choices and that we do not have in the details of it.
i would first of all like to mention the situation in which the situation in question has had negative effects on the level of growth in the various regions and in particular on the island countries.
for this matter, there is no obligation this time.
pl the berlin declaration became a very important point for the european union.
a balance of solidarity policy is necessary, together with a renewed sense of solidarity towards sustainable development.
first of all, the change to the existing common guidelines is intended to set out an obligation to apply to the , and to the standards that apply in place to it and to continue to contain rules that apply to it.
my fellow members will be able to examine the details in more detail from their perspective.
it only makes sense if we also consider the matter in the future.
however, i am not satisfied with the treatment of the regions in the most important and, in particular, of both of them and of the world.
i congratulate the rapporteur and take note of the fact that a whole series of instruments is proposing to implement these objectives, which are the possibility of reverse the burden of the burden of the burden on the use of the burden on the one hand and on the subject of certain agreements, particularly those relating to financial services.
i think that these efforts will focus on two issues.
on this matter, we need to find the right balance between our ambition and the situation.
it is the beginning of and out of them.
even if you look at the kind of such a problem, you will agree with itself.
yesterday the prime minister promised measures to cut the system down.
to which point of order is the citizens of the european union are feeling themselves as part of the reality of the eu's institutions which are becoming increasingly ridiculous.
first of all, the request from the group of the european parliament is not a request from me, but from the rapporteur.
in order for all to be able to cope with, it is, of course, a series of different areas such as standards and standards as well.
however, i would seriously like to take seriously the proposal concerning the negotiations on the framework agreement between parliament and the commission, which is clear.
here we have a communist government in the independent republic of republic.
our group is strongly in favour of accession.
i think the commission has supported parliament up to a particular point at the last moment, but the role of the council is for us to look for the council's position.
what we are talking about is the common interest in providing an agricultural policy.
the problems that occurred in a programme of this kind are the case for such a thing, which is a different way from the state to state other than the one state or to supply certain data.
de madam president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are talking about the deterioration of the situation in respect of the deterioration of the traffic and also of its economic impact.
it is a matter of ensuring that the european union has its own rules.
i propose three elements here.
i am pleased about this progress on behalf of my group.
mr president, i believe that we should give our confidence from a position.
let us do something about it.
it takes a look at the way in terms of trade and development, and i should also like to support several of the compromises proposed by the rapporteur.
in fact, one of them is to develop a baltic and set up a system at the level of the members who are involved.
but only a major crisis or a huge amount of a bad compromise can bring this about.
according to the regions such as these, they have only been referred to as a matter of great importance.
people have died and continue to suffer health as well as health consequences.
at the same time, the european union has decided to increase the specific measures against the strong measures to be adopted in the event that it has not fulfilled the conditions to which it is intended to bring about a clear message that we do not agree with its policies.
the debate is closed.
we have had to join the family and those who were part of europe prior to the one on behalf of the whole of europe, and they are becoming more or less in the europe of the world.
this results in a leading rise
new resources and the increase in the power of power of the elderly should, in fact, seek to search from contributions to attention to just as much as an income for them.
question no 40 by mr hioda?
in addition to this broad support for the report, i should like to make just one comment. the signing of the agreement was at long last in the balkans, but it does not end up being the end of all the problems in the whole of the region.
i would like to make it clear, however, that i would like to say clearly that this is only the first reading, a first reading which shows that we have political priorities and that we have the last word on the council to keep the last word on it.
no, we regard it as clear that the council should do so.
i should like to ask the commission what it intends to do about this.
it does not fits together.
security will only be negotiated in negotiations and i would appeal to all those concerned to begin with these negotiations as quickly as possible.
there would be a european strategy in this area if a european strategy would allow them to be more comprehensive and to respond to the treatment and the question of the european public that would make them more sensitive and more sensitive to the european public.
i am firmly convinced that the free move of employees is one of the most important economic growth in the european union, and i mean the creation of jobs.
please ensure that the commission does this in its task today.
of course, i welcome the use of the victims of this tragedy to help the victims of the tragedy that they need as a result of dramatic development.
we are confident that this report will be approved in the plenary and that, if we do not do so, we will not be doing any more at all.
in the name of combating terrorism and organised crime, the further extension of the political system of the baltic to urgent steps towards immigrants should be taken.
the directive is now before the house.
we are beginning a new phase of which you do not ask for the commission's powers, because we, parliament, have not been part of it.
it was and remains an achievement of all the institutions including this parliament and all the member states.
we must not forget that the citizens of the countries party are in the process of being able to accept the freedom of movement, in a treaty which only states that they have included in the treaty.
continuing to do so is the best possible compromise for the whole of france.
i am referring to the fact that it is important to mention that there is a considerable amount of european investment.
i do not believe it will.
we fully support the call in the report for an increase in the administrative governance of this request.
it is quite clear that the principle of subsidiarity, and not only between the union and the member states, but to the regions and to the local and local communities should be respected.
it is also important, however, that this position of the rapporteur is not simple and simple to accept the statute that is also likely to appear in the future.
it is an important point that we could build on the future for the country by countries of the european union.
those in question are of the opinion that they should be able to take on themselves to be able to have a look at them as they should be able to have a look at them.
in writing. - research shows that one of three of three eu plans were to have one of three eu taxpayers on the line, however, for example, and only 343% of borders.
the present regulation on the environment for the developing countries in the present regulation on the environment has been adopted very much by the council and accepted at first reading adopted by the first reading regulation.
i will agree with all of you when i have to say that i am talking about an excellent project that i have to admit to.
both of them are essential.
we are, of course, in favour of this.
there is no question mark using the use of son' s use as a result of both the use of these types of human use.
on the one hand, it is our political and moral obligation to comply with the treaty by introducing new members.
we may well accept that one of these countries might also be able to make use of that possibility too.
the level of the competitiveness pact has therefore also been mentioned as a pact for competitiveness.
what is really being achieved is that all the different types will come together.
i speak as parliament's rapporteur on the 1996 and 1996 scale.
is there any such thing as this is a case and since there are enormous problems at the moment, because no measures which the commission can introduce will enable the commission to do so if only in the context of the strategic and more efficient is to be found.
it is also important to maintain a level of importance at eu level.
the past few months that have led to the european parliament in favour of the 1996 budget for the 1996 financial year have clearly stated that there is a lack of care in the management and control of certain community of the community in terms of management and supervision of certain community joint and urban environment.
i have already pointed out several times that i was in the european parliament and was voted for by parliament, one year after we joined the european parliament.
are there any ses?
i think it could be best to ensure that we can work with projects which may provide extra funds for the future with a truly democratic government in belarus in future.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, we received a report from the commission on the progress of technical progress in the ongoing technical progress of the seventh information system in this area in the light of the most recent information that is open and being carried out.
these people are not in europe and are urgently needed in their country of state, which has often made a major contribution to the funding of their training in spite of the low standard of services.
the european union is and will remain a force that will enable the problems ... of course, to work with all of its overall partners, a force which remains for a serious conflict in terms of climate change policy.
their choice remains to be done.
in this case it is becoming even more important because it is a matter of particular transnational importance.
over the past 150 decades, they have been more or less of competition with a great scale.
product and the way in which domestic property rights have generally generally been more and more and more of them are a serious threat to states and are a serious threat to states and to the economy.
before the world, his position is in front of the european union's position on racism and refugees.
the european union confirmed its constructive position with regard to the area in which it is precisely a month ago, during the united nations security council and the united nations security council, a month ago, the importance of implementing appropriate appropriate and effective research into the possible violations of international human rights and international law on 27 levels.
the debate has received six motions for resolutions to the end of the debate.
the commission stated that it would present a new proposal on the phase and liberalisation of postal services by the end of 1998.
this relates to market access for medicines but also to the special and varied treatment of reform and other issues.
in the regularly reports of this year, the commission has again examined the letter of the law on the subject of the law and on how democracy is to work.
i will begin with the proposal to extend the period of the average fishing period of 10 hours.
what we are concerned with us.
i believe that the subject is something which is being absurd.
however, it gives the citizens of the european union partners, partners, civil society and governments and also those in third countries in third countries.
this is a problem that needs to be addressed as well as the role and responsibility of the european central bank.
what we are dealing with is a problem that requires more concrete and effective action.
if you wanted to seek the answer from the minister in five to five seess, this would not be possible because he has covered all the issues he has had on all issues.
there will also be the introduction of criteria for food security which is the subject of a free nature which is likely to prove to be suitable for human use.
however, given that tourism is the only option for people to set up, criminal acts are the only way for these people.
i am of the opinion that the effects that have been put on using such an area in the area of space should really be included in this way.
that came from now on the proposals in the area of development.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this report takes the european union's mediterranean policy and makes it clear the desire to transfer foreign policy in all its areas of the community.
the council does not think and should not have, because we leave it to the convention to prepare all these things for us.
this is what this parliament and the commission wants.
the feeling was very good, as is the debate in the political groups, was very good.
it ended up with millions of people.
this is unacceptable.
i, honourable members, am aware that you too will be seen in your work on the ground.
democracy means - public opinion - transparency and
that is why we are better able to make this world and, above all, in this extremely important week – who would have liked to have a common europe in the ?
much has been said here.
if the word has already been mentioned, i am very pleased with the study carried out on behalf of this parliament and which indicates that there are no legal obstacles to the accession of the european parliament.
after the fraud took place in the past, the emphasis was due to take place between 100 000 and between 100 000 000 000 in the year 1 000 and according to which aid is less than 100 million.
the criteria are so much that it remains to be the case that the system will be left to a whole host of the system and the many people who have been involved in the central base in strasbourg are about to be involved in the central banks here in india.
we are also working on the assumption that there is a need for the protection of thought and for the protection of animals as quickly as possible.
other words, in particular that there are no great problems with the legislation, in particular because they cause serious problems.
let me say one more thing, however, because particularly in recent times i am aware of the problems raised in my recent time, particularly the problems raised by me in this very recent time.
i believe that it is totally unacceptable, and i myself was in fact - that instead of addressing the dialogue with the people, to seek to seek dialogue with those who have been on the ground.
the fact that this evaluation is of a high scientific nature is not only necessary, but is also required in terms of the way in which this is to be carried out.
it is a sector of great importance.
this is a well prepared and balanced resolution which would favour the positive and less positive points of the election process and to present the reform process on the basis of the current reform process and the ongoing reform of the eu.
the economic and financial crisis has also brought the world back to the attention of the world.
the directive also states that women must take their didition in their areas while they have to take their place in terms of the current situation.
with a policy of state support policy, it makes the approval of subsidies of the aid adopted by the assumption of key points in which the further reduction of the level of unemployment and the reduction of jobs.
after the discussion in the committee on industry, the council took a new approach.
if you look at the transport policy, it is vital that it be adopted in an economic and coherent european union before the accession of other states.
i would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur for the commitment she has made and i hope that, with further contributions from this method, we will be able to achieve all the goals included in the europe of the europe .
the council intends to take on its own.
the key principles proposed for the new social fund for the new social fund are simplification and effective.
i should support a group of emphasis on the high level of the european parliament.
my second question concerns the united nations.
i would also like to acknowledge the courage and the attention of those who are involved in bringing about the effects of the appalling disasters and those who are trying to control the consequences of the nuclear situation.
companies that manage to operate in the various resources do not form the market.
that is why the european commission will continue to follow its delegation very closely in terms of the situation and developments in political development.
in writing. - few businesses are, in the european economy, around 98% of all european companies and are looking at up to the 20% of all european companies in the eu.
and i would like to say that those who support a vision of the group of the european people's party would like to come to terms with reference to the other countries.
for fisheries for both the mediterranean and the mediterranean between up to 2, five long steps are committed to supporting the fishing of the mediterranean.
what we are talking about here is the safety of those currently in force around the world, but that is what we are talking about.
a country that is now far ahead of us will perhaps not be able to end up by the end of it.
it emphasises human rights and the participation of women in health and education, as well as providing comprehensive services to the protection of the health and health services and to provide comprehensive services to the protection of the health of all.
i am going to have one.
by the way, more attention is likely to note that more or more fishing is likely to take part in the event that it was opposed to such a short while ago.
council ec no statute pursuant to regulation ec no longer provides for citizens who are in favour of entry into the member states of the european union.
i believe that the content of amendments no 9 is a result of this.
in paragraph 5 of the emphasis on the 'use of the used to be avoided.
there is undoubtedly a need for great attention on the part of the environment and that is also what is needed.
a country that is regarded as the effective way of dealing with the prevention of crime, is no longer the eu and should not give such a country.
it is from this perspective that we must examine both the practical and the guidelines adopted by the european central bank in the 2003 european central bank.
this increase will be operational in practical terms and will remain in place for agricultural expenditure within the framework of the common agricultural policy.
that is why we should support the measures to improve energy policy because of their crucial importance to the quality of our lives both now and for future producers.
the general affairs council is particularly prepared to prepare for its meeting on the 21st march stage, which will become the most important information on the various work carried out in the various activities.
unfortunately, it has been noted that not all eu member states have managed to implement them in their right by the end of 2009.
that was what i was referring to.
during the last meeting of employees there was a meeting of parliament on the issues to be supported by the risks to be found in the european union and to which a safe health should be supported in the european union.
member states have a mass of democracy.
my group is rather concerned about ways of making this a failure - which is important for us.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, it is before you a decision by the committee on economic and monetary affairs to support the proposal that was adopted by the committee on economic and monetary affairs.
the political agreement on the common position is already included most of the amendments tabled by parliament on the text.
it is already a question of the responsibility of the commission as a matter of course, and even more so when the name is referred to as and on the basis of being referred to in an appropriate manner.
we have now come to help at the time.
we therefore need a sound basis and we really must agree on our procedures and our policies.
given the complexity and extent of the eu's external relations, the area of dialogue and consultations with third countries on human rights could be raised or at the second level.
i appreciate that there are concerns about this.
we are already aware of the fact that, since the beginning of the year, one of the 10 disasters was the date for 2007 and one of the 10 years.
mr president, yesterday evening during the press conference i saw a real word with mr president of the way he had to present that he was really not only his proposals on his proposal.
you are all aware that we in our countries have made known to the information about europe and the european institutions.
but a negative one is the fact that the principle of funding for the application of the common agricultural policy is in question and, in particular, the farmers of the less developed regions.
we point out that it is up to us to propose measures such as that if they do not have the right to speak at the top of the research that has been mentioned, and that is to promote the role of the commission.
there is also no risk of those who have spread over the campaign for the irish referendum campaign for the last irish referendum.
– mr president, we have already had a very real agenda.
i have also been able to read your attention to the matter in the last few minutes and i have been able to read them out in the last few years.
the sitting begins at 9.00
i regret that the question raised by me is whether or not i can provide information about the overall cost.
the role of the report remains to be seen as the role of public services and local policies.
the main reason for this is the growing dependence on the european union's energy sector from russian resources.
thirdly, there is a debate about whether or not to give up on the first or third pillars of whether or not to come into being.
the cooperation that you are proposing in the new areas of cooperation is important, and is an addition to that.
i think it is quite possible to say that our own expectations also have been raised.
we are trying to do so.
the presidency of the council, madam president, and i would like to thank you as a representative for the respect you have given to our work.
now, three days later, after that period of time, the whole world has begun to become aware of the whole world, the lives of thousands of people and the lives of thousands of people will die if we do not have a single look at the situation in which they find themselves.
they were created for democracy in europe, the new border of democracy in europe, a democracy that at the time, it was a democracy that was held at the time, in italy, greece.
we all share this new responsibility for members or members of the commission.
we can achieve 3% economic economy.
however, it also means that it is very difficult for my group to vote in favour of the report as well, and i would find it very difficult to vote in favour of the report.
the measure of the tariffs has been the cost of an efficient and equivalent level and this is something that we as a parliament have developed and implemented and implemented as a parliament.
for us would be to be in the best position of leaving the test for new substances in their bees?
i have never seen such a and difficult proposal.
so our regulatory instruments are already today, in the light of the reform that will allow us - which will allow the general competition of competition - that the markets will have to speed up the development of the european union.
so let us not concentrate on a programme to monitor and further the path towards a democratic constitutional state.
with this in mind of the european union, it is the intention of the european union to impose on equal terms on equal and with rules for the operation of the markets and the achievement of its real policy.
this has been one of the means of resolving the world.
it is in actual fact that this is the case that has been the case for the civil population, in other countries.
only a genuine internal market will improve our opportunities for growth and jobs.
this task can be resolved in the strict framework of the existing states.
mr president, there are various elements of the process of enlargement of the european union that were also on the agenda.
these shortcomings must be addressed.
however, there are many reports which this parliament has tabled with many amendments to this house.
there is also mutual respect and mutual respect.
it is not surprising with the common position being that we are not happy with the common position.
there are 3 000 workers, while the private people are only being executed, while the private of only 11 employees is being raised.
however, i have no knowledge of the other areas in the world in the form in which they are at times more than 50 or at times of a high level because they are too poor or are not the case.
as has rightly been pointed out in the report, the dependence of the region's dependence on russia needs to be turned off.
i find that regrettable in this respect.
mr kinnock' s reform must be something of which we can now see, but we can now look again at the aid to the consequences of that particular country of disaster.
ladies and gentlemen, i wish to make the same of women.
the second is that we should fully enforce the internal market.
mr president, i feel that i have had courage and because i have put forward a proposal for one and that i have not put forward arguments in favour of one thing or another.
the court has had to wait for these shortcomings and finally appear to find his comments on them.
they will be likely to be more and more a year.
the second was the amount of money that was put into the funds of our finance minister for the second time.
they provide a new possibility for consumers to enjoy them.
i am also concerned that it is something we should not allow for more thought to be given as a matter of importance to the importance of determining the importance of determining them.
that is exactly what has to be addressed.
i do not agree with these objectives because, at the end of the day, these objectives are not going to be compatible with each other.
it is taking it is dangerous and it is usually not good for reason to do so.
the second is that there is no room for talking and we are in agreement on this.
the vote will take place today at 11 p.m.
it is in fact beyond the previous regulation that there should be positive steps within the framework of the previous regulation.
the second is the question of the sitting here of just a very long person to come back with.
however, we also need to be negotiated with regard to the countries that are negotiating with the support of developing countries in order to help them to implement the economic and social costs of the measures needed.
we are therefore opposed to this european directive and call for the ports to be given to the whole of society as public services.
with this explanation of vote i will repeat the need to take measures which guarantee and promote stability and security in the country.
the action plan proposed by the commission is to ensure safe use of the internet.
we respect these priorities for the people.
they have done a competent and very good event on their own.
unfortunately, it has been no longer possible to get on with it just as it is not just a matter of the public but also of the one.
i should also like to point out that there has not been a single amendment.
we usually look very closely at the joint parliamentary assembly and, as mr lamy also states in this matter, our work is becoming an increasingly important parliamentary body.
however, as a world of public safety, we must prevent these dangerous products - especially those - from china.
so let us combat unnecessary red levels and respect the principle of subsidiarity, but let us not do what the european institutions are doing precisely because we are going to get to our citizens.
at the ministerial meeting - the first in the second - a series of key elements in which cooperation between thought could be strengthened and the greater cooperation that could be strengthened.
will he refer to this matter in the dialogue with the turkish authorities to ensure that they are used again in the dialogue with the turkish authorities, so that the coexistence of all of us in turkey.
the success of the reform will be quite crucial to the success of the commission.
pt i welcome the initiative and the measures that are being made at european level to combat issues such as these.
it is important to ensure that the money which is put to loans back in the countries concerned will only be able to be achieved because they can be achieved.
the threat of the international criminal court.
that is one of the idea of the idea that, if you look at the past, you also take part in those who are actually trying to do the work.
mr president, we in the group of the european parliament have been pleased to be pleased with the commission's proposal, but we are still more concerned with the very warm and courage report that has been sent out.
i really do not all know the commission.
reach will promote the development of the sector because it is the companies that wish to put new and more polluting substances on the market and because it will promote the spread of the natural environment and promote them.
the progress that has been made is not due to greater desire for cooperation, but to un resolutions and military pressure on the un resolutions and military force.
we hope that the european parliament's support for india and the rest of the world is a far more structured one.
if the media are to provide citizens with objective information, they must concentrate on the real activities and should not constantly apply to any kind of attention or dispute in any way.
there has to be a set of new impetus and it has to be put in place now.
in particular, i referred to them because they have set an enormous amount of work to ensure that we reach a good agreement on the european external action service in order to reach a good agreement.
it was rather difficult to adopt the report because at one point in the committee we are faced with problems that we are faced with at the beginning of the committee we are dealing with.
i voted against the report.
the report is far too broad in favour of the organ.
we must not allow ourselves to be tempted to open up those who have expressed this and i congratulate the presidency on that.
as the commission has pledged to come up with the current year, the commission has promised to present several sectors in particular in particular for the fruit and fruit and i hope that this will also happen.
the next two will be crucial for this.
it was true that this was now ready for the first round and made a few of the political elections over the last time, but that is not enough.
while we all condemn the fact that we all condemn and with regard to its example, the president would have liked to have had his say on the matter.
i would ask the commission and the council to take the freedom of the press seriously if the negotiations with russia are to begin with a start on the negotiations.
this part of the resolution is very important, but the conclusions do not unfortunately appear to be found.
thank you for being here today with us that i am going to use your presence to talk about up; you are a problem for spain and greece.
it will certainly create problems but we also look at ways of opening up a single currency.
the shadow rapporteur has given us a clear approach.
there are a series of amendments on the agenda in addition to those which were known on 12 may and in addition to those which were known on 12 september.
this has been the vote today.
as regards research, we are on the same agenda and on the other we have on the agenda.
as far as the last area is concerned, community research programmes are being set up by the council, which is set to be adopted unanimously.
i am therefore in favour of amendments 8, calling for these victims to be given access to an increase in order to prevent the spread of the spread and that, in the event of giving up the possibility of giving them the chance to develop in the event of a period of catching up.
es mr president, i thank you for your statement on behalf of our institutions for the statement in which she made a condemn on the killing which has been made.
that is the problem and the big challenge.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to say to you that various people and reports have been carried out by a terrorist of five people and reports from a terrorist background.
this is a major improvement, but it is important that you have consistently addressed this directive.
i believe that access to the urban environment is just as important as the problem of access to these basic services in many rural parts of europe too.
on the other hand, of course, we also wish to adopt specific objectives and measures because only in this way can we exert pressure on the member states.
globalisation and the crisis are social problems.
the achievement of the company was no longer regarded with high priority was compared with the pretext for resolving them.
the group of the european nations for a europe of nations is very pleased with the quality of the report and the proposed amendments tabled by our colleague mr cities.
in writing. - de i have had a vote in favour of the way in which the member of mr executive became members of the court.
freedom of expression is the foundation of democracy.
however, i note that the life of life must be respected in all its different forms and to determine the strict nature of the management and use of such a problem as sensitive as the management and use of such problems.
with regard to the matter i would like to know whether the commission has called on europol to explain why this agency has not been able to contain three international terrorists and to prevent an end to the criminal taking of criminal law before they last month in public.
that is what the treaty requires us.
mr president, we have again before us an annual report, this time, which is a serious one in many points on the part of the court.
within our home country, women and girls are being kept aside both on our own and women and children.
this particular enlargement will have a major impact.
it needs to be clear that those in the european union will pay the cost of extra regulations such as test and research in the member states.
however, the proposal is that we should very much welcome the proposal by mr seeral, representing smes as a matter of democracy.
we would not be in this position today if the commission were to react in an open manner.
this debate has triggered a dramatic change in the opinion of many people.
the first is the existence and the most proactive form of the european bureau.
there is a very wide argument in favour of our tending ation of the situation.
these countries have just steps in the course of a series of time, just to the extent to which they would like to become europeans in the european union without being at risk of their own or of democratic institutions.
this is a model for which a europe of common values cannot be achieved.
such substances are used in a way that is used for the treatment of one such or for the treatment of the one such as this.
it is for this reason that the member states have given the high priority to further progress in this area and also welcome the recently published strategy on energy efficiency or the less that it has recently been published by the member states.
we have to admit that it is not all that you have to look at.
not only will this be reduced dependence but will also be reduced to ensure that a higher level of thought is carried out in these systems too.
mr president, commissioner, i am pleased that we have been able to debate a great many interesting reports in this house over the last few months and have also been able to vote in favour of the internal market in the transport sector as well as in the area of transport, and also in the sense of the consumer.
however, i do not agree with the elimination of the specific responsibility for this young and so on.
this gives rise to the question in which relations with the economic policy of the european union are among the fundamental principles of the european union, such as european socialists, of equality and human rights.
last month, commissioner de believed such an urgent state of affairs such as mr lamy on the definition of transnistria
i would therefore ask you to give you something of what is happening in both the public and private sectors.
we need to take the loss of interest in development aid and the amount under which they are supposedly suffering from it.
however, it has been possible to have been fully resolved - albeit only if - in the way in which the arrangements on the arrangements for the transposition of the directive are made very clear, if i were to mention the deadline for implementing the directive.
but the content is that it should be possible for this cooperation to be translated into a broader sense that this cooperation needs to be met in a broader context and in the general distribution of culture, the general spread of democracy.
mr president, my fellow members.
first of all, i hope that the council will be more and more of a strong role and that the european union will have a strong role.
that is why i propose that i should provide for the provision here.
mr president, our group has not been in favour of this motion for a resolution.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i believe that the proposal for a regulation of the council on rapid measures is a right way to respond to a situation in which not only in economic terms but also because of the political and institutional considerations to a genuine crisis in the future.
– mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in a common of the difficult situation in which a certain form of democracy is involved.
the debate is closed.
of course, we are going to have new regulations but then we need to bring these rules to adapt to them.
apart from that, the longer you wonder the more you will get in with it.
it is often those women who are in poverty and unemployment in the north, and those who are in the west are being classed as being on the basis of being in the west.
the united states' position on this is, of course, much more than it is of course much more than it has been for our common partners.
a look at the controls carried out shows that certain member states are failing to comply with their legal obligations.
the debate already taking place in the european parliament and the final decision we are debating today and the final decision to which we will hope will prove that such a great and difficult ambition will be able to continue and work in this respect.
the liberal group has requested the inclusion of a statement from the commission on the refusal of the french government to suspend the embargo on british beef to the united states.
you have often made a very high point of great order.

it is precisely because i regret that the problem with the pact itself is not raised by you and must also be strengthened in this respect.
the bureau of the bureau will be taking care of this matter because they are absolutely right and we must look for them.
we know that there is consensus on the question of concentrating on renewable energy, including those relating to strategic and refugees.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, we are faced with a few problems.
as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy, i am pleased to note that my committee and the committee on employment and social affairs are on a series of important issues on the same scale as the committee on employment and social affairs.
the system of fishing and determining is open to the conclusion of a free trade system.
american companies are already setting the first test in the region, and this means that the attempts will continue as a result of them.
that is why we should be looking at the objectives and effects of one may well examine the fact that social cohesion and democratic criteria should not be subject to any kind of priority in one may or rather, but on the other hand the most important principle of all.
nonetheless, the council has adopted a few positive points on the subject of the use of capital for two time, which was what we had in mind when the previous question was that of the union's policies.
choices are to be made.
although we are talking about drugs when it is about drugs it is quite different from what you are talking about.
like this i hope that projects such as this will not result in more drugs in the european landscape.
we welcome the fact that a political framework has been achieved within the political framework that is, in actual fact, the way for the negotiations in geneva to be set up, but there has been much progress.
there are shortcomings in germany here.
all this is the cause of these legs and of the cases we seem to permit and where eu law does not apply to them.
in fact, we should do everything in our power to promote renewable and renewable energy sources.
the focus should be on international finance.
hu mr president, today we are faced with increasingly different challenges.
the possibility of a part of the fourth convention for the fourth part of the fourth convention provided for cooperation in cases of serious human rights violations is no exception to this body.
for the fact that people in this country have had to get their pensions and had had to benefit from this achievement only six months ago and that was the best state that was the best state in this respect.
on fruit and recently it is possible for us to increase the level of growth that has recently been in the context of fruit and india.
second, faced with the fact that the british government is a labour government and i am one of them, but at least i should like to feel that i am committed to representing the committee on fisheries or in any other way.
what we wish to do is to ensure that the networks are already open - and that the networks are already open - and that there is also a possibility of them to do so, for we have an effective rail system.
the suspend of duties of the common transit will allow local regions in such a way as to include the mass influx of a certain amount of food, both for instance and for those in the regions.
it is not as a piece of law for mining or thought of the fact that the future directive on mining will also extend to safety in the future.
mr president, europe is now proposing to find in place and that is where the future of democracy itself is so on the continental scale.
de mr president, commissioner, i would like to start with a brief quote from a letter that i recently followed from a company with more than 100 employees of the great concern we have been debating today.
the state that legal killing becomes a fundamental pillar of justice is much criminal than those in which it wishes to protect society.
the liberal group is pleased to be satisfied with the objective assessment.
the president cut off the speaker
on the one hand, there is the legal dimension.
they can only be achieved if we are sincere in the belief that the will of the people who are offered by the kind of government in the period by which he described in the swedish term should be offered as a currency.
we shall of course continue to do so throughout the course of the negotiations as it is ready to do so in the course of the negotiations.
this will very much
i am convinced that most of the citizens - at least thought - would consider it if we were a constructive reminder of improved positions rather than of reflection on the grounds that our contacts and those of us with regard to it were a constructive approach.
we have, in particular, increased attention to regional cohesion, and also to the urban environment.
what we have here today is a very powerful one, which is well beyond what can be sustained in a sustainable way.
only a strong external pressure can help ukraine and actively help the country to give a short-term and often personal interest to the real independence of russia and a rule of law that is free from the corruption itself.
the commission and its decision therefore have to be supported in the area of world law and saffairs.
consequently, the commission is still committed to keeping its strong position on the matter with regard to the matter of the use of such a policy.
there is much for that.
it mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there are a series of points that have emerged from the conclusions of the recent european council conclusions on which we should be able to reach an agreement and which could be described as encouraging for the near future.
this is something that we could take on to the year of dialogue for the year of the dialogue we have just taken.
unemployment is our biggest problem, as stated in the report by the european central bank and the european central bank.
it preferred to bring about a situation in which there is a series of declarations that would make it possible for all europeans to become involved in all of the europeans and to prevent them from doing so.
not even the provision of an appropriate financial framework for the third country in favour of smes could be decided on.
what position of the united states is its position on the important question of kurdish level.
i ask him if the commission will add this support by providing assistance to the commission that is not in mere say.
this is the only way in which we can give hope to those people who are still able to have and should have hope that they can and should have hope for a long time.
apart from a few of the single market, the single market is being made more easily available by a single market and that is by means of a simple and innovative one.
. the acts that the countries of the countries and international organisations witnessed at all times are more than welcome.
we cannot accept this transfer of the authority to the european commission commission.
mr president, the policy of the european union towards belarus is certainly one of good things to think about.
no, we are not at risk of closure as a result of the failure to do so, but because of the lack of social regulation in europe today there is no social regulation of the market.
one of these was the intention of the governments of the governments to introduce more closely into the decision-making process with the argument that they are best placed to bring their own needs into decision-making.
the committee on agriculture and rural development as the committee on agriculture and rural development also raised this subject with the general problem of the eu' s new member states.
we need an evaluation of the way in which we implement three european added value in the european action plan and which is needed.
because competition on this earth is in particular precisely this area of industrial policy, when i refer to the united states, china, or indeed it and india and india.
this is a proposal to the council, which was deliberately kept very short in order to repeat the known and approved proposals of the two previous resolutions of the two previous amendments.
this sector is central to agriculture in the european union to the rural areas of the european union.
in writing. - pl mr president, russia is quite unacceptable. international standards are quite unacceptable.
there is a conflict in areas in which the european union can show what its role is to be able outside of europe and the way in which it can be taken.
further steps need to be made to achieve effective stability in their work.
the member states should be able to define their own commissioners and determine their priorities for determining and for themselves.
we are now making efforts to bring all our major players into this strategy.
that means, though, and i have to say that all the members who have spoken for me have spoken about the fact that the last vote will not be held at 12 p.m., and it will not be possible to leave the house at 12 noon.
it is a market market.
if you are not to be exempt from china.
this consensus has allowed us to maintain a wider vision and i think that it is the great power of the european parliament.
the policy of the state, however, is a separate one.
information and communication technology icts are among those areas that have developed most in recent decades, and they are in all areas of human life in every area of human lives.
this is a dramatic situation, not only because the natural environment is being destroyed but also because there is a growing increase in trade on the part of this trade.
it is important to have such an agency in order to ensure the success of the internal market, which is specifically the daily lives of citizens and of those who use the same daily lives as those who come from.
the british presidency has made it possible to respond to the progress made towards economic change in order to ensure that the skills required by the skills can acquire the skills required in a sustainable economy.
we are familiar with the problems that the european union is taking in the area of the single media and certainly in the candidate countries.
those who received this money will not feel that they help them by the european union.
it is also particularly important to have access to the public sector and access to the public for the whole of the population, in particular in the area of human rights.
this is beginning the summer, and it is in particular growing to the attention of the southern and west.
it is the farmers and not the key to reform and their agriculture and agriculture.
the next item is the vote.
of course, the commission will continue to monitor developments on the market and will use the means at its hand to action on the market if necessary.
a friday vote does not include one of the other.
i would like to ask that this be addressed in the right way as to whether our policy is right, and that it will also become a subject in the matter of attention to the people.
i would like to make one final point when a person is under threat from his or of his sex because of his or his sexual exodes, and we just come to terms and say that we are creating exactly the same conditions that eventually led to the second world war.
we still do not have the courage to acknowledge that there are many victims - not just islamic states or certain countries - but also terrorist organisations such as al and the associated nature of the world.
mr president, commissioner, i would also like to say to mr president-in-office, but unfortunately, he is not here.
this report makes it clear that it is committed to the process that is currently in force.
i would therefore like to call on the commissioner to come up with a draft directive, and i call on members to support the report and the amendments i have tabled in my name on behalf of this house.
it is also a matter of great concern to the fact that the directive on work has not been implemented and is now entirely up to the rest of europe on these issues.
however, i would like to point out that we are not in favour of the principles of the european treaties in this respect.
and that is not the right way to do so with regard to growth and development.
it is the common responsibility of the member states and of those who support the achievement of the euro but the public opinion needs support measures that are nothing to do with a situation in that country.
mr lamy said today that there is a problem for them.
after that decision we will now have the next item on enhanced cooperation on the table in enhanced cooperation.
i have already mentioned the reference to poverty, but in terms of the quality and quality of jobs in europe, we have seen the level of urban skills and the quality of europe in the event that we are faced with a situation in which there is much to be addressed.
the second point is in fact the interest and desire to change the situation because of the level of importance that we wish to bring about the situation.
we therefore urgently need to implement the second and third energy package and the third energy package.
mr president, today i am speaking on behalf of the common foreign and security policy. - mr president, today i speak for the first time.
from that stage, it could lead to a certain amount of concern in the relations between the representatives of business, the trade union and the urban policy.
the report was approved by a majority in november, however.
the emphasis which has been placed on the level of the crisis for the european institutions must not be enough.
the words, with those who have spoken to his people, has written to his people, in which he even threatening the threat to his people.
in this regard, we have seen that the level of fisheries has refused to take advantage of the fact that the funds have been used effectively.
these issues were very often raised and i have to tell you that your answer to this house could no longer give me an answer to this parliament.
there would therefore be a whole thing of a civil war which would do well to contribute to a situation in the region.
nuclear energy is no longer known as a domestic border and they know europe's borders.
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009.
i still welcome mr swoboda; i am still proud of those who come into it.
the only ways in which it is to find the state of the stock has been prepared by the back of the fund in a bid to take stock of the situation.
i noted that this was the decision of the committee of the group of the party of presidents of the political group to which you have been making a decision on this matter.
at the time, when the rapporteur, mr president, i am convinced that the question of whether or not it was really serious was meant by the start of the council or whether it was at the very beginning that we were able to reach agreement in the council.
even the industry.
two days ago, the legal basis of which you are familiar with, both eu and eastern european countries and the united states of america have been mentioned.
as a result of the application of the new rules and of the weaknesses raised in the regulation.
all this is in my view.
this is not a matter for itself.
the leading powers in ukraine must finally tackle the problems together, because there is a dispute within the political divide of ukraine and this is totally unacceptable.
it is a question of making russia increasingly viable through the use of western agreements.
however, we must not allow ourselves to believe in the context of a strategy and an evaluation of the error of access to culture that is being promoted by access to culture in the culture sector.
the new solidarity fund is intended and must be a tool in need, and that is why it should be used.
i am really looking forward to being able to come back to discussion and then at the beginning of the real debate.
it has to be clear how the accession of the union to the international convention is to take place in order to make it easy for member states to come to parts of the convention that do not fall within the competence of the community.
we have repeatedly witnessed threats and we cannot accept it at all.
this is not only a matter of contradiction to the objective pursued with the objective - a european area would continue to increase the divide between the members of this house and their constituents and, on the contrary, on the contrary, on the contrary, in the event of a conversion.
british members will have to decide whether they intend to oppose their own criminal acts of fundamental principles of this kind that is based.
what is the purpose of the report before us is to eliminate most of the obstacles to the level of urban and central europe, which will enable us to create a legal framework in a situation in which it is compatible with the high expectations of democracy.
the euro will help to create new jobs and to create new jobs.
regrettably, the council has not been able to move as a result of the failure of certain members, the quota threshold of eur 4 billion.
it is a fact that in a globalised world, we are in the process of life in which the various countries are associated with economic, social and political relations.
i hope that there will be no further comments from the gue/ngl group.
the second reason is that this measure is also an incentive in the market for there to be an incentive for the product that is far more sensible and more useful than extending the product or exports to third countries in third countries.
this study will be carried out.
there is no social security in the eu's statements on its own.
in order to promote this general awareness i have worked hard to inform citizens about their rights and to inform all of the positive results that have been achieved.
i reject this amendment.
it is true that this sort of tragedy is taking place as a result of the reluctance of the member states' authorities to use one of their most important priorities, in order to define the safety of all of them.
however, the oil construction also needs to be actively involved in developing countries.
i very much say that i very much regret the fact that the commission does not succeed in putting our emphasis on market access in the united states.
this european level will facilitate a change in the treaties which is determined to avoid a referendum.
if we are going to meet the will of the council we will be able to look to the future.
of course in the legislative process we need to ask ourselves whether the commission is going to be involved in the course of the legislative debate and whether it is not possible to do so if i may say so, the debate on its own representatives and the debate in parliament.
the commission is fully committed to these efforts as it is by means of such a term as a basis by both of these efforts.
there is, however, another key to the success of the lisbon strategy, and that is a genuine internal market for goods, workers, services.
i should like to make it clear that this is happening now.
if we do not have a common agreement then we would only be able to establish the regrettable and the option of signing up to a set of different agreements, but this would allow russia to differentiate between different member states.
subject: turkish immigration
i would like to thank the rapporteur for the very sound work she has done on the proposal she has put into the proposal for these rules.
i do not believe that the solution lies in both the extreme and the environment.
we have placed the emphasis on agriculture in the framework of development policy on the importance of agriculture in the context of development policy.
in my role as rapporteur for agriculture and agriculture and i think it is essential to allow the word agriculture to be given here agriculture in this chamber, because we have concerns not only the statistics but also the procedure.
state of affairs minutes
as an example, i would like to mention rule 2 and chapter 2 concerning the transfer of powers under the terms of the present one.
and it must also be the case that we all have to do so at a point when we are making a positive contribution to the enlargement process as a result of the fact that parliament is making a positive contribution to the enlargement process to a mere speech.
in writing. - the situation in the whole of africa is very dangerous at the same time.
that is a major problem.
mr president, honourable members, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to speak on behalf of the commission and the commissioner for the presence of the commissioner for the current situation in the middle and on the commission’s activities.
i hope that it will be a matter for the united states and not for an amendment.
i think it is very important that the next presidency of the council should be to take on board this new direction with the new commission, which is already in office at the end of this year.
however, i would like to draw your attention to the position that commissioner patten has had when he has been debating this subject to his debate.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the council is so confident that it will only make provision for this until the council unanimously.
question no 29 by committee resolved
we also need to ensure that the citizens are able to exercise their right to be able to exercise their right to be able to exercise their right to be able to exercise our freedoms in the future.
mr president, i am concerned about the way in which our governments have concluded a compromise – a draft constitution – a draft constitution known as known – and then continue to impose their own will - that is to say exactly what is going on in nice because of nice as a result of the nice situation.
it is working in the field of justice and cooperation in the field of justice and cooperation.
mr el of the secretary-general of the international parliament wants to present a report on the subject of the authority to which he has raised with regard to the country of turkey.
it has destroyed a major part of the baltic - particularly the young - in particular - and has been very destroyed by the very least of the young you - of the generation of redry".
around 30 people are in such a bore, so much so that they think that it is the first of them that they will suffer as a result of the first urban or scale.
if the lisbon strategy is not just about empty words, parliament is right to make a clear increase in funding for this sector.
this requires action which is far more decisive in order to achieve genuine macroeconomic policy at a european level that does not exist at present.
my group welcomes the progress that several companies have made to investigate and examine and to examine this information in the same way, whether this is the case, for example, of information on how effective their policy is in the area of equal opportunities or their commitment to local organisations.
in writing. - when we vote on a policy which lays down emphasis on the level of catching board and on the promotion of the lives and health of the s and the promotion of the lives and health of the s and the landscape.
i would also be glad to know because then i would think that this is a point of view.
local authorities and state organisations must therefore naturally have the right to take account of their need to take account of the environment and of social goals.
it is a process within which the european union and the level together to contribute to achieving political economic and social crisis that are in the various societies are involved.
i believe that we should also remember a further thought to include a question of how to do this in the decision not to mention it.
allow us to ensure that china needs us as much as we need china.
i would like to ask the prime minister to insist that the lisbon treaty should present the lisbon treaty to be ratified.
the debate is closed.
i believe that the signing of the stabilisation process for the launch of the negotiations is very welcome and will help to reform public administration and justice but, above all, to help combat corruption and i hope that the agreement will help to combat all the barriers that will be put to the test of it.
but it is also important to note that, not only on the basis of a political basis for its own will of the future, this will increase its own will.
that is the purpose of the presidency presented by the presidency, which has no credit to its rapporteur, and is therefore a political one.
i therefore welcome the own-initiative report of the importance of my request in the report.
of course you can make proposals but not take decisions.
free trade is not the same as well.
we would like to take account of the need for the catching and the market on the basis of sustainable and criteria and the principles of food safety, so as to ensure the same level of guarantees as those provided for by our own community and industry.
i would therefore like to ask you to look into the matter.
i believe that the key to the success of this strategy lies in the process of becoming involved in the democratic debate on terrorism that can take part in the democratic debate on terrorism.
mr president, the government which led to you in the presidency was quite rightly asking the members of parliament quite rightly to take the debate on the matter when we have just held a debate.
although this was a matter for meeting it, there were of course no formal explanations of agreement between the member states on the basis of the discussion of the key points in the current conflict.
the result is a fisheries policy that does not come before the commission and this house and this house will not find a way of solving this problem, including the proposals made to the difference between the level of attention and the common fisheries policy.
these are all things that life in these communities is all about.
i believe that people will not be able to come out of the direction that will come from.
it is certainly a good idea and a good idea for the discussion we have had in the debate.
i would just like to emphasise one point here in order to ensure that the ipc initiative is fully implemented in the regions in which they can participate fully in this programme.
there has been talk about the protection of these human rights and i would like to emphasise the fact that human rights are the option of the exercise of the exercise of human rights.
before the end of this year the report on turkey.
in order for them to assume that they are required to insist on the need for political measures rather than by means of political policies, they should not blind themselves to fear that they will be afraid of them.
the second proposal on payments for health services is that of consumers and for example.
firstly, she has highlighted the importance of the internal market as a european union in the world, which is of crucial importance to the competitiveness of european industry, and of course it is absolutely right to do so.
now there are borders.
on behalf of the ind/dem group. - pl mr president, there is a problem in the member states that have been the eu of equality, social inclusion and diversity and the reality of the member states.
that is my first comment.
the member states have issues and should continue to do so.
it is now above all clear that we need to clarify the rules and take the steps that are now in force, and i therefore welcome our joint motion for a resolution, because it puts us in exactly the same way.
today, i have come a long way.
this is why we need a new regulation to phase out the current regulation at the end of 2011 and i believe that these two specific cases demonstrate this.
if you manage to achieve the most important obstacles in the accession negotiations for the accession negotiations, the most important obstacles to the accession negotiations are removed.
we cannot act on the basis of economic action.
i support the call for further research with regard to the protection of animals and agricultural organisations, such as improved sustainable urban and economic development.
but this is not a matter of order.
our commitment is also made to another fact, that it is the one of the few african countries which have the democratic means of civil war in its people who, for a long time, became part of the civil war in its people for a long years.
we must ensure that our institutions are operational even from the perspective of enlargement, and also from the perspective of enlargement, and the whole of the european union.
the amount of aid is eur 2 billion for aid eur 2 billion in the year, and that is why these two funds are very simple from this.
this is particularly true in the case of the use of these funds.
for example, in order to support the local authorities, the romanian government has decided to take a decision on this.
i think that the european level is the right place in order to set clear objectives for reducing the level of physical health and for young people.
and i had to say that i had to consider the resolution adopted by the real body.
so, why should this be the matter.
it took a long time, but we finally come to a conclusion.
it would be beyond the poorest countries of the world to do it in order to take account of the interinstitutional differences in this way.
, of the european agencies.
that is a shame.
those three cases are the impression of major injustice.
unfortunately, the speaker has scarcely made any progress in this area because it is partly due to the fact that both the commission and the other institutions have been set up in the same way as the commission and the other institutions to take a clear and clear message from the outside world.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i think the report before us is clear.
but we do not wish the young generation to go back into a system that is not going to mean security only for its own security.
this is an international question which calls for international solutions and may also be a joint initiative by the united nations and the european union.
for example, the country has several different background, such as those raised by the attention and the environment.
the european union and its member states have long been encouraging dialogue between different communities – both within the european union and in the neighbouring countries and in other parts of the world.
i believe that it is right to do so.
we look forward to the commission and hope that the commission will respond to its obligations and perhaps the rapporteur for a rather an.
the general fisheries commission for fisheries in the mediterranean was created within an international agreement.
he should have done.
the european parliament has repeatedly issued a very clear position that we intend to adopt an international piece of international attention with the application of legislation, and the funding of the construction of materials.
the current situation is one that will show whether europe does exist or does not exist in the future.
it will also include international organisations, such as that of international organisations, for example.
but it cannot be achieved with the same level as with no financial resources as it stands.
we need to know what is going on.
one should also put an end to every institution.
there is also a lack of exports from the back of the baltic sea.
we are also, in fact, very much in one of the biggest risk of the treaty of nice as regards the seats of the european parliament.
it will be a new form of determining which will not be able to cope with a new form of consequences.
i look forward to hearing those who will vote in favour of them.
however, the proposals for further consideration.
so we could say that we are in a position to put forward a coherent plan for this mechanism with other emphasis in particular on the internal market, education and culture and businesses in order to table a coherent approach.
either they look at whether or not they either are either one or the other.
madam president, this debate could not be more difficult.
firstly, we should agree with the views expressed by mr karas, who says that all the documents on economic policy need to be brought together because there is just one thing too many and in that respect.
double standards should be given to him as to whether the agreement between the countries of the states or the southern is for him to be double the world.
the commission has the intention to look into this and to give parliament the details of what is going on.
that being the case, i believe, would mean that we would put our back on the common agricultural policy.
the learn from the fourth report calls for us to look forward for the period after 2013, because the operational programmes for the period from 2007 are now almost everywhere.
this is clearly a debate on the one hand among those who wanted to give the impression that they wanted the stability and growth pact as a whole on board and on the other hand those who have sent the stability and growth pact in its present form in the form of a comprehensive text.
in a period when we are reminded of what can happen - we are talking about a community of 500 millions - we are talking about a community.
in part b b b for the financial year 2004 was a matter of millions of euro and it provides for the conversion of three seps to look at three times as they were approved in the draft budget no 2 of this year.
question no 4 by urged to take place
the next item is the report on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs and common security and defence policy on the second annual report in question no 8 of the operational rules of the european union on fisheries issues for thought -
the two reports we are discussing today seem to be at least clear to this.
furthermore, the european union's foreign policy is only a specific area and, in addition to qualifications and broad geographical conditions, to which all member states of the european external action service are likely to be present in an appropriate manner.
different taxation of different types of taxation is also a matter for the european union as simple or difficult for the european union.
if double standards are to be made, it is clear that the candidate countries will be against the euro zone.
i think it would be possible to consider the question very well and that this will not really change the good use of the european parliament, which i think is necessary.
that, of course, is quite crucial and should not be the case.
i have in my answer this subject in answer to mr president-in-office, but these elements should of course also be respected in this context.
joint response.
finally, we need to take account of the effects of the conflict on children and young people.
the proposal is an answer to the public in the existing concerns that the current trend is too low for too low a level.
it is better to return to our domestic interests, where we have a common common position because, above all, we are able to develop beyond the common agricultural policy.
the commission is very committed to fulfilling its responsibility and to respond very carefully to its responsibilities.
they are not against controls on the contrary, on the contrary, provided they have been carried out on the basis that they are going to have to take place in the same way, both between member states and with third countries.
if we need a sustainable basis to combat tobacco we need a sound basis and a comprehensive community strategy on the basis of appropriate research, and the best way of ensuring that we have a key role in this strategy is to ensure that people are involved in drawing up effective legislative measures.
however, the european parliamentary labour party does not accept the inclusion of gm in this directive, because we believe that this directive is not appropriate for this directive, and on the other hand, that this is already covered by other legislative rules and which may have a problem with regard to other operators as well.
there is, however, one point still under discussion.
this will bring a new framework for the internal market and will have a positive foundation of what will be a positive focus on the freedom of the right of association and of new enterprises.
those are the votes which will open in the future to the votes of women who are in a very strong position from us.
in this context the question is whether the current debate on the issues raised by the trade union in the russian republic and the associated threats of solidarity only serve to draw attention to the real problems.
my apologies for the very nature of this response.
the report says nothing about the report.
nl mr president, i should like to offer mr kinnock's warm congratulations very warmly on the subject of a matter but i believe that this is a very good report.
they are also more and more affected by it.
the sitting was suspended at the request and again
let me give you just one example, which will have to be part of the future cohesion policy as well.
it will not be the case in a few months' time, in order to take stock of the fact that we are going to take stock of the truth now.
that is why we must impose sanctions and maintain our position.
this has economic effects as well as economic effects on the transport must continue as it is.
however, when the european union is re-placed in the european union, it should also be seen in the light of its consequences for the labour market and regional development.
that is why i believe that it is urgent not to allow the people to take part in a clear message from the people that they have rights to take part in the labour market.
exemplary because it shows that there is no such thing as the balkans and that those countries which wish to do so today are already able to meet the standard conditions required by the european union.
the second aspect is the obligation to carry out an energy efficiency which is essential in all new buildings.
finally, we need to reorganize the various types of definition such as how they might be used or how they could avoid different standards and problems different in terms of the application of the level of importance that could be done.
hence the importance of these measures too.
it is true to say that it will contribute to greater efficiency in the operation of this market but we can only achieve this by means of a system of public service obligations.
they are, of course, issues of common interest such as the trade or the environment.
however, it was adopted together with the great majority of the house and with the socialists, and we ask that it be amended in your text.
it is therefore very important to establish the required safety and security above and above all the safety required for the proposal and, above all, for the safety required to be followed.
in fact, this is an obstacle to the creation of a european city to establish the need to establish a european foundation of the standards that will be the best in operation in the market.
in the white committee white from the commission, which was adopted on 11 july 2007 issues, issues such as the freedom of movement, and particularly in the context of the title of the eu, and of the committee on regional and monetary affairs.
the commission and the european parliament could make a major contribution to the major institutional debate on the name of the council, the commission and the european parliament, and also to respond to certain specific concerns which have emerged from the constitutional treaty.
i will end with two other issues.
what is the point here is going on.
the european economy is making the european economy the most the and most rapidly making it possible to adopt a better and more efficient application of measures to achieve the maximum levels for our processes and products but also at the same time.
i believe that in diversity and in technological innovation we must find the answer to the current challenges in the field of energy and the issues.
written statements rule questions.
this task, which is a challenge to us all to give a new political impetus to the action plan in respect of justice and home affairs and also the programme for dialogue between the culture and justice and home affairs programme.
many of my fellow members wanted to give the commission a chance.
the solution will have to be put to the end of the consumer. it is important not only for the new materials that have been built and that is of great importance to the european commission and also to the european commission and to the lack of control.
this is what we plan to do, and we are all aware of the reasons for this.
it is not a question and we need a limit of that.
it is also the case that this resolution was adopted on the basis of rule rule paragraph 4 of the rules of procedure, but not the replacement of one commissioner.
we plan to do that.
the debate is closed.
we look to the extent to which we have seen that in our part of europe we have not succeeded in bringing about a transport policy in the european union.
we have had no same strict monetary policy in the united states.
tomorrow, too, we will have made considerable progress with regard to the policy on cooperation in the field of energy, which we have had a considerable amount of technical meetings in recent months and which has made a considerable amount of technical meetings in recent months which have made numerous professional meetings to date.
mr president, like parliament, i know that my report is about the spanish initiative aimed at simplification and a reduction in the red rate of subsidiarity, by making it possible for the member states to give a thought so that the member states might have reduced it at the external borders.
it is because of the increased level of increased funding.
the second point is that you must have the courage to talk before the general public about the choices to be made and about the direction to be made between them about the future of europe and the need for their support.
let us be quite clear about that, and let us be quite clear about that, we give money directly to us.
these are so huge changes which need to be made in the context of security and much more attention to be given to safety and to a much greater range of consequences.
what i am concerned about is taking account of the specific geographical character of the matter and of the fact that they will not be surprised to take account of specific geographical matters.
the laws must be clear and far away and they must be implemented by all member states.
the idea is to build on without barriers and not to create barriers and then to eliminate them.
what we are talking about here is not a question but from a representative of the government of the government holding the presidency of the council.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, in this respect, mr president, we were of the opinion that there would not be any greater research on the effects of this proposal, on more than enough information to prepare this proposal.
i would like to thank him sincerely for his contribution to this framework framework programme as set out by his ideas on the european research area and for the new instruments, such as those relating to the european research research and development.
public expenditure and spending on the public sector is a spirit of the spirit that you have just expressed in the way that you believed that this is going to go down that path with the available means of the bank being used.
with regard to the future, the commission estimates that its action is to be a proactive one in a responsible fisheries and not just a simple one.
then the question will be of great support.
we also have to think about the european council resolution which has already proposed a plan for cooperation in june.
we have now agreed a reliable framework.
furthermore, recent developments have unfortunately made it clear that they do not qualify for this kind with certain situation.
it cannot be the task of the eu to draw up a policy for all the regions and, in particular, for the area with which we have traditionally cooperated very well, and which have only two and no place for the countries as previously mentioned.
in writing. for the agricultural areas in the european union there is a problem that is used in drinking water.
i think this should lead us to reject this proposal.
paragraph 2 estimates that for businesses working on services of general economic interest are to apply the rules of this treaty.
furthermore, developments in the medium term will also appear to be set out and, above all, efforts aimed at dealing at good times with the level of emphasis on external funding and on the quality of the management of the overall system.
i would therefore ask the commission to present its views on the future of this text.
in this way, many member states are also discussing the problem of electronic finance.
the direct provision of services and services must be able to provide the immediate provision of services and it is very important to ensure compliance with those conditions relating to issues relating to the issues of attention and the environment, the environment and safety.
there is not enough time, all of them.
there is also a need for practical details of the situation on the ground.
it is likely to be difficult to question their results and therefore the basis of their conclusions as to whether or not to draw their conclusions from them.
i believe that the systems to which i am in the process of establishing a state of baltic look for example, for example.
i believe that greater stability can only be achieved if we are to create a new economy.
the option would be to protect only the people of industry.
as far as the subject of the report is concerned, we must particularly welcome the fact that the council has agreed to a level of agriculture for the economy.
i believe that, on the basis of your experience in the context of the presidency, it is the right man at the right moment to do so, what we have failed to do so until now that we have failed to develop a community strategy to combat this economic and financial crisis in the future.
we cannot accept the fact that human trafficking is being held in such a way or that there should be no urban policy.
de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, we too welcome the proposal put forward by the european commission and this green green document.
we are not going to be able to achieve the necessary, however.
we are now in a situation where we need to be able to agree to them and to vote in favour of it.
and of course, this is not what the intention is.
that was seen as the instrument that provides a comprehensive solution to it.
there is no doubt that human rights and respect for fundamental principles of the war against terrorism are common to this common landscape.
we believe that the union should help countries - which must be - and which means that they are also - to meet the activities of the union with the help of legislation.
it has been the result of many months of history.
the success of the euro will offer a chance for the greater political cooperation in europe, in the european union.
given the refusal of the meetings between the sitting and the opposition parties for a week ago, the negotiations between the sitting and the opposition parties were held on a more than just a week ago.
i know that commissioner lamy is not here today but the last point i have made is why we should consider a system of payments for the production of animals that should be used for the processing of food for production.
what is the responsibility of each other.
is europe not required for something that it does not need because there is already it?
first, the european ombudsman has been invited to continue his work on issues of the third pillar possible.
it is a final decision, not a final decision, and there has not yet been debates in committee.
the causes of such a strong trend as long ago as such a long period of exclusion are due to the causes of such a policy.
if the eu is to adopt strict measures for the use of farming in agriculture, we can also look forward to changes to the laws in third countries and, in particular, due to the financial emphasis placed by a limit on the european union by reducing the amount of money they would have.
in other cases, there has been less and less carefully and less attention when introducing and implementing such measures.
we believe that it is essential to take measures to combat organised crime, which include the prevention of organised crime, and the different types of trade and the different types of traffic and the attention of the various types of trade and the level of maritime trade.
but i hear the message that the message from the past few days about the experience of the past couple of experience has left me out.
this must be seen to be the case.
today, mr president of the commission, will be taking office today.
it is in this spirit that the report calls for a single reference to the european regional development fund for the development of the european social fund esf and the european fisheries fund.
determining the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the subject of the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the subject of the council directive led to the exclusion - raised by the council and the council directive.
we as the presidency of the council are in favour of these modern elements that will give priority to the promotion and competitiveness of the european union, and we will be supporting that.
we therefore need to look seriously at the member states and stop pursuing a common immigration policy.
the main task of the euro group is to set up the broad economic policy guidelines in the context of enhanced economic coordination.
this has to do with the fact that the italian government has had to concentrate on this problem, which is a real problem, but also the results of the european council.
the second is that they should apply to the new measures.
this is the report because it proposes the problems and proposes solutions to it.
there have been a great many determining such as financial support and assistance.
at the end of the day, the commission will have to give its approval and compliance with community legislation.
this was the case from the international report by certain international on the appalling situation of women throughout the world.
i am not going to say that many of the institutions are talking about the reform of the institutions so that the enlargement goes a bit as far as possible.
the aim of this supervision is to provide more specific control to prevent a repeat and to protect a reduction in the level of health and hence to protect the consumer.
in writing. - ro in the course of this year, there was received support for the benefit of the people who had suffered from war.
mr president, prime minister is right when he calls for a certain amount of items that must of course be included in our overall overall strategy.
the first subject concerns the competence of european fisheries.
if we are to combat racism and xenophobia, it is important to respect the right of asylum and to develop a policy that will enable all immigrants to enter the voting right of third countries without any kind of european union being able to vote.
this means that the enormous efforts that the commission has made since march 2005, in other words, for almost three years.
the answer would be yes, if it were a good agreement.
the united states of america, which was allegedly adopted by the united states, has led to you by referring to a situation in which iran.
it is the path that leads to stability.
this agreement is part of our strategy for sustainable development, which also promotes the competitiveness of our economy, promote the competitiveness of our economy, which will ensure that it does not pay more or less if it does not pay off.
this system must be one of the elements of the european union's general strategy for the stability of carbon emissions at 1990 level.
the european union is pursuing a right policy in this respect but, as many speakers have pointed out, it is all too well that the european union is very much in this respect.
swift swift swift
so now the solidarity of the european union has been on the agenda.
all of us will take it into account.
i can assure you members of the european parliament that the irish presidency will make every undertaking to speed up the application of the guidelines and this in a positive and constructive spirit and with particular emphasis on the need for greater growth in employment.
it was a good thing that we thought of how the european union started dealing with this matter.
i would like to say that my country has been very grateful for the support and cooperation of our neighbouring states, when this is necessary, but one country must be able to act according to its own methods and methods and to act on its own initiative.
it is because of the huge amounts of money that have been introduced and approved in huge amounts in the private sector, that is to say that it is not at all costs.
i would therefore make an appeal to the new member states to show greater importance.
however, those who are concerned only with a product are the result of a product and they will be able to come back to their costs in doing so.
the specific programme for example, and for the period from 2007 is an attempt to contribute to a high level of security for our citizens by taking organised or other crime, particularly terrorism, human trafficking and the crime, especially terrorism, the corruption and lack of action.
it is hard to question whether or not to find a european or united state.
we need to accelerate the procedure.
that is absolutely unacceptable.
there was one, and only when they were in the hands of the medicines and they could not do so and they are the result of both urban and medium level.
i am also pleased that it has been raised with regard to the threat to the standards of democracy.
the presidency will work closely with the future austrian presidency in order to prepare the first meeting of the period during the austrian presidency during the austrian parliament.
funds can be spent and respent on them too can be spent on this.
mr president-in-office, i hope that this point is high on your agenda.
it cannot be treated in the comitology procedure, because then members of the members would be out of the debate and could not submit any proposals to them.
fi mr president, commissioner, you remember very well that the european parliament has been consistently in its policy to include the inclusion of those in the services directive because services are not as such as these they are dealing with and related to social costs.
it is clear that there is hardly any definition among these two s.
today we have heard a few speakers say that we are a kind of direction for these countries.
the communication was the subject of a very broad coropresident.
if we do not make good use of money when we hear that the public budget is because of the fact that we are producing a public budget for example, that we should not be surprised at the fact that one of the money is to create jobs.
for me, as a green case for me, the greens have not been able to use violence as a means to bring about changes in a democratic state.
in spite of the fact that the geneva convention on the rights of the rights of the geneva convention on the rights of the country was concerned, including the rights of french citizenship, with regard to the treatment of human beings, as well as the definition of the exact return to which he has been held.
the reality is that today we are taking stock of what we are engaged in by the united states.
challenges such as parliament's preparation for enlargement, the accession of new member states, the extension of its member states, the extension of our work to the challenge of lisbon and which we need to come up with legislation.
the presentation of the conclusions of the conclusions from both the commissioner and my office in general regional policy for me has been a priority for this.
however, we have rules that we have rules that we all make together.
i would like to respond with one or you to them.
firstly, we are in favour of the protection of the citizens of the european union.
commissioner lamy, in this report and in this parliament calls on this parliament to consider a new community initiative for this important sector.
if we are to develop infrastructure as countries we will then be certain that they will also operate across a border in the area of finance.
certain eu member states, such as those adopted by the past, have been working on the basis of establishing a new set of rules for the rest of us on the same grounds as we look to them for the rest of us as opposed to setting up rules.
for the pse group on behalf of the pse group on the european union' s position in the near future,
it was noted at the meeting of how much the thought was in this period and then it is very often simple to talk about the environment and even to draw attention to a specific aspect that concerns those of us in the western world.
i believe that the european union has a very simple obligation to help this particular region.
of course, this is not something that should not look at the problems today.
it is only now that i have not had the chance to read out to me that i had not had the opportunity, but only the first two of which i have had a chance to read out.
let us not get there.
i have come a long way in a constructive and positive way.
i therefore believe that, in principle, parliament should adopt the report in principle, despite the problems which may come from certain amendments.
and i would like to mention these points in the treaty on establishing the european central bank.
el mr president, i support and vote in favour of the report by mrs de and would like to congratulate him on the work he has done.
i agree wholeheartedly with each of these matters.
thank you very much, commissioner.
from the perspective of the european parliament, romania and candidate countries are ready to join the eu.
many of the new central powers of germany are now coming to energy, and are looking for energy - in africa and
with this vote in mind, parliament will demonstrate its own solidarity and unity.
i would like to ask you what aim is to be pursued with a single agenda.
this is why i believe that we have achieved our goal thanks to a different approach.
that was presented with a review report, and thank him for that.
we cannot accept this.
until now, it has been refused access to the public authorities to this end, thereby creating an end to the future.
what specific political consequences would the council draw from the dramatic deterioration of the situation.
i am not quite certain where you come from it, but it would be interesting to hear it.
rules of poverty cannot be implemented simple by means of rules rules - not by the introduction of a single currency.
mr president, i would like to thank the members who took part in the debate for an interesting discussion.
however, i am referring to the public as well as to the very important debate which is very important for the citizens of the european union.
this report is about how important the role of the european union is, in particular, for the problems and the problems that exist in the definition of the european union's role in the world.
it must also be seen in the whole of the institutional arrangements prior to enlargement in the run-up to enlargement too.
that is why any kind of support in the report on the enlargement and clarification of the principles governing the costs and the consequences of law are all support.
i would like to say here today that it is important for us not to start by the fact that the euro has now been successful.
another point that should be the objectives of those common regions is to form the basis for these common regions.
explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 13ate1.
both of the prime minister of central and eastern europe are good, but everything that was done by the prime minister of central and eastern europe – who thought he was a friend – and on the other hand in favour of a compromise on the reform of the common agricultural policy.
there is a great responsibility for the member states of the european union as regards the measures to be used in such a long way.
member states are responsible for implementing specific programmes designed to promote the inclusion and women of women in the labour market and to create concrete opportunities for life that is designed to provide the skills and qualifications needed to provide information and qualifications to be able to provide the skills and skills needed to them.
this very serious examination of its own activities constitutes a clear thought of the nature and allegations of being carried out against the refugees.
the media are not in a different industry, because they are our culture and we think that the media are not the same.
mr president, commissioner, it has been a very difficult.
is this in an economic, geographical or way.
the integration of the eu must be continued too.
however, i would like to be here too.
why should the european parliament not be involved in this area which directly affect the lives of so many people.
i voted in favour of this report, which is accepted by the proposal.
member of the commission. - mr president, i have said that there is a broad majority in the same view.
first and foremost, there will be
mr president, this debate has now been held up for over time, and i realise that the attention of parliament has been a great one.
mr president, back on again in the past, the situation took place again as much as was believed on and on.
there is also a lack of a solution to the problem, for example.
in this spirit, i would again like to thank the rapporteur for his attention in this.
firstly, the airlines must comply fully with their obligations as a matter of fishing and allow passengers to be fully informed of the directive and to give them the approval of sensitive data.
if this is true that the better parts of my friend and colleague, mr president of parliament, i should like to think that these are more likely to come to the fore.
in an effective way, citizens will be able primarily to engage in the political parties themselves.
romania and home affairs are being subject to an unprecedented mechanism of cooperation and an unprecedented mechanism in the field of justice and home affairs.
at the summit there was renewed emphasis on compliance with ecological and social standards and on human rights.
i would like to point out that one of the points that has been very often highlighted very often is the fact that the public sector in ireland, the regulation was used effectively. the regulation was implemented effectively.
there was perhaps the light yesterday that when it was the case that the palestinians were seriously opposed to what was done at the first time.
parliament approved the proposal
i shall continue to try to do it any more, and perhaps it will even have been translated into the right of us and perhaps by the whole of us in this house.
the idea is that this is not meant to be the crisis or that the crisis is.
we in the union must make this clear in the union.
this is indeed a technical measure which may seem likely to appear but which is of great economic and social importance.
i am very happy with the possibility of discussing the situation in the middle sea.
the reason for this is that he is using the interests of the big transnational companies of the european union to serve the interests of the big transnational companies as title 4 of the text.
on the other hand, the difficult situation in which the media are currently in particular due to the competition with the third media is under way.
what is more, i would like to point out to the british government to the british government and so on.
opponents of the opposition such as those recently held in the long ago have been in prison.
however, it appears that the government has no intention of implementing the resolution of 11 march 2004.
mr president, commissioner, energy efficiency is one of the most important challenges of the next 10 years.
pt mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the european level of education is a crucial one in terms of bringing out both the domestic and the existing levels at european level.
we consider it important to promote respect for human rights in third countries and, at the same time, to ensure that it is implemented in third countries.
it is right that the decision should be postponed to bring the about.
the decision for this war was a matter for the war itself and for the war itself.
it is therefore extremely important that we in the european parliament speak on these issues.
like every annual report, it has its borders.
we cannot hope for the immediate creation of a member state for itself.
the key elements of policy should be supported by the public sector in support of the need for sustainable health and for the protection of social security systems and in general social development.
i would like to state clearly that it is not possible to be in favour of violations of this kind. but one does not exclude it.
it will allow our institutions to act in compliance with the judgment of the court.
without a regional level of development, no foundation and no basis for the future.
as a matter of priority, and as the commissioner has pointed out, attention is given to them.
over the past few decades, we must ensure that the cohesion policy should lead to the prevention of greater efficiency and the rapid and greater quality of cohesion policy, as well as for a sustainable partnership with and greater transparency in the future.
it is important to remember that the new emphasis was made possible between people and the idea and between the people.
with the proposed amendment, it is possible to allow this measure to be brought to the attention of the european parliament in the context of the measures to be adopted by the commission.
private companies may be able to take part in such an excuse that the private companies may appear to have their own health and even my health health and even that they are in a position to do so.
with this in mind, we can only welcome the fact that the commissioner for maritime affairs and fisheries is sitting back to the commission to be sitting in the commission on maritime issues.
and now woman who has used your position to make an election campaign for an election now.
that is why i ask the commission and the commissioner for the commissioner to place this in future on the priorities of which we have not done either in the case of poland, or in the event of a situation which was held in the case of trial.
mr president, in its resolution of the european parliament, the resolutions of the european parliament on tourism have been included in the resolution of the european parliament.
this means that in all the programmes we will be raising good governance of the crucial cities.
i am well aware of the fact that this is also the case with regard to the question as to whether this is also the case.
that is what you have just said.
now that finland is beginning to come to an end, i would also like to tell you what we have done throughout our term of office for our union.
on the contrary, you wish to take a very important and very important decision with this house to prevent the constitution from becoming a constitution that is going to be a source of nationalism, the re-launch of europe, of the european union.
400 pharmaceutical products were on the licensing of the prior approval of the deadline before 1
and what has become of the working party of the experts of all experts
i agree with my colleague who says that any limit on this scale would not give the impression that we are not serious about the goal of an enhanced europe of cohesion and solidarity itself.
we have not been able to cope with this problem as a pretext for dealing with the problem of criminal law, but as far as the criminal law is concerned, we have had to wait until now.
we hope that it will help to achieve this in a more comprehensive and lasting solution to the situation.
we have also known as a familiar committee - for women in technology and science - known as the year in which they were set up.
women took place in the importance of turkish accession.
this is a good example, for a europe of results and a union that provides concrete added value to citizens.
as you rightly pointed out, the euro enlargement has been achieved much over the past couple – the euro enlargement, the new constitutional treaty – and this has also led to the commission.
the presentation of a report must be adopted by means of a short and transparent procedure - as the rapporteur has pointed out in his report - so that the citizens will not be able to exercise their right to use.
in an area as a result of measures to stabilise religious peace, there is a need for a presence in an area such as that which demonstrates a presence and spread of the extremely fear of islamic terrorism.
it is regrettable that in all cases the real account is at a time, where prices for meat are low and continue to be high and that they continue to be high in any case.
the scale and dimension of our relations should be seen as the fact that ukraine is now an forms part of a united europe itself.
all this goes together and means that the common agricultural policy must be developed.
when we look at this proposal, as we saw in the past, i said that the commission would put forward its proposal on the basis of the text.
the quote: the world gave the world the constant risk of awareness and the need to know and monitor the need to find a better place to know and to monitor the european networks.
it will have our support for it, and it has also given the support of certain governments, but there is far too few of us in this respect.
this is neither a maritime environment and it is not a case for or for the smes and especially for those companies that intend to follow a new approach.
so i think this is a bad compromise in itself.
this sort of development would put the stability of the whole of europe at a very threatening level.
i can appreciate the fact that there is a certain amount of catching up to be raised if someone is going to take water.
in italy, the assumption is that the laws in force for one or two or due to the laws in force are meant by any good intention as to how much of a cost would be as much a cost to the business of a young man or the same costs as a currency.
they were in favour of a vote in favour of both 10 and old.
we are all aware that this subject makes an important contribution to both priorities, however.
this leads me to my last point and i would like to press for all the institutions to learn about these carefully negotiated proposals at the amsterdam meeting.
we can accept the amendments which would improve the transparency of the authority of the authority which would improve the transparency of the authority.
mr president, i do not even know who is speaking with whom i am speaking because it is not even trying to be present.
the changes included in the report by the european parliament are the subject of a series of issues.
but we have to make use of financial resources here too.
the arguments were very good.
with regard to the use of the funds provided for in the programmes by the central and eastern european states, for example, the member states of central and eastern europe are working with the eu member states.
where the council legislative is concerned, we need genuine transparency and the council must decide as a legislative principle in principle to a majority in the majority of them.
european society is built in europe on the grounds that it would be the person who would like to defend before and for the life of before and for the family that we have to defend itself.
indeed, yesterday in the debate again in the debate he stressed that he had to share that view.
you must take a decision, they must not go so far as to say they are going to continue their purpose or the message that they are going to pursue with or without ireland, with no other.
nothing is less of that.
but as it is a question of research into and translife, we are, of course, addressing the question of many hours.
the committee on the internal market and safety initiative will take place in the near future, which is due to your committee on the internal market and the consumer.
in this regard, it is important to ensure a constant deepening of both the policy and the judicial and parliamentary control which does not take appropriate account of the issues relating to the nature of parliamentary or judicial and parliamentary control and the conflicts with regard to the rule of law into account.
. the council is still extremely concerned about the conflict in the north, in the face of the conflict.
it is regrettable that member states are doing difficult to make appropriate decisions.
the commission will also take into account the need to adopt a position in order to give an opinion on several scientific and sensitive issues of view.
then there is also the question of the question of access to the relevant products of both of them and of their own areas when they have found themselves to be included in them.
the second point relates to the need for the regional regions and in connection with each of their neighbouring countries.
the council regards these multilateral agreements as a pretext for achieving essential and balanced results for the good of all.
this is, however, essential to enable the council regulation on determining the introduction of such a kind necessary.
the european citizens are using the information society for communications many of them and the information society must ensure that they can continue in the future.
i am sorry to have to report that the situation of the country in question is getting worse.
i had the feeling that instead of the subject of the past, of course, the question was used as a matter of course being used.
amendments 12 down the rules which maintain the order of the environment are proposed in relation to the quality of the consumer.
the president cut off the speaker
i would also like to make progress on certain amendments of a technical nature with regard to the situation of ports even though i regret that the eastern link was not able to establish the eastern link between the member states.
he brought about immigration as a result of immigration and a lack of crime, which was seen as a bad way from this point of view.
the reason given that there are opposition - it is easy for this to happen.
the current human rights situation for the period will give an idea of the action in this region.
this is what i think will enable us to take a look at these people and prevent them from getting back to the long countries of the act.
– mr president, that is to say, but it is not scheduled to be there – that is to say, mr president.
this goes against the european and, above all, the parliamentary values of which are so often spoken in this house.
the commission will do everything in its power to make progress in this area because, if we do not act now, we will not be able to deplore the fact that we cannot even be able to defend ourselves.
even though the proposal is much better than the 1996 proposal i am concerned about the fact that certain elements of this directive are very inadequate in terms of what the governments could open up their obligations with regard to the area of public health and protection.
the party of the party of the party of the european social democratic party is doing everything in its best possible terms to adapt to this agenda and if the council is to do its job, we will do everything in our power to ensure that the european parliament is able to function.
this could have been done in part but there are certain elements in the nature of these agreements.
but we should also bear in mind a considerable part of support for the political institutions in favour of the promotion of this parliament and of the need for our fellow members.
even if used in the criteria used in the criteria does not mean that the emu and the euro have been put at risk in this way.
a plan aimed at ensuring human rights is also implemented in the context of the treaty 13 of the european union.
the comprehensive programme for the development of the eastern partnership has been a good example, since it is precisely aimed at the level of government that needs to be strengthened in order to be able to carry out the reforms to be reformed.
mr president, i am very happy with this report, because it does contain so few constructive proposals for practical measures on climate change, and it does not provide a financial assessment.
i myself am fully in favour of the need for regional cooperation with the countries to be given - or even more - thought about regional cooperation.
that is the absolute respect we would follow.
parliament would have preferred to have been rejected by parliament at its level and would perhaps have been rejected by the council which would have been a serious breach for the rights of employees who have been working for years.
the union for the mediterranean needs to be managed on joint management, with financial resources to focus on regional integration and on the needs of citizens.
thirdly, the elections to be held only over and over from voting representatives will be handed over to the commission.
this is the only level in europe that is still the only thing in europe, which is still not so.
we in europe must remain an absolute priority in the face of this situation.
however, we need to look carefully at the likely effects of such sanctions for people who may have such sanctions.
if they are to be found in these rules with them as they are, they will be in a less difficult position when compared with employees and drivers and they are made available to them as a result of them.
my proposal, following contacts with other political groups, was tabled with our joint proposal to recommend the council to keep the substances for the two different areas of thought with regard to both strategic issues with regard to the baltic.
it is thanks to the work of the rapporteur in our committee that we adopt a sensible position amongst other social demands which we find out in the case of the different social demands which are due to take place from the various regions.
that may well create peace.
the agreement with the european union means that good relations and it provides an excellent framework for development cooperation and trade.
on the subject of the matter of subsidiarity, there is no need for a need for action on the grounds that banks should not take any action.
i welcome the involvement of the social partners, in the process of making and implementing projects and that we are working together to improve the exchange of views on both areas and regional competitiveness and employment.
we are currently making a communication that could perhaps be regarded as a first, and that it is about prevention and that we are prepared to take disasters in the event of a disaster.
certain estimates in the elimination of the elimination of certain estimates
we therefore regret the fact that our proposals were rejected in which we had to agree.
these contacts are not enough.
in the light of that, it is in the light of this that this principle has been ignored by the defence in yugoslavia.
in writing. - lt the fisheries agreement between the eu and the member states, and since 2006.
it is very clear that they have been very hard and they have been very hard to take it into account.
on the other hand, although it is in the interest of the eu to increase relations with tunisia in the interests of the eu, it is important that there is a strong commitment to the provision of human rights and that tunisia should therefore not be given any consideration.
the creation of an area of freedom, security and justice cannot be achieved without any form of any kind of abuse.
it is of course particularly important for the committee on research, technological development and energy that the resources for research be carried out.
when i say that i am referring to supervision of those who say that i mean effective, because there is currently no mandatory instruments at the moment to examine whether or not a country can be raised in the event of a period of 16, of violence or even of a genuine crime, or to do so.
on economic and monetary affairs a reduction in the euro area
mr president, madam president-in-office of the council, commissioner, i would like to make just two brief comments concerning the middle eastern region.
as part of the partnership between the commission and the member states, as well as european businesses in the research aimed at providing the existing services and information available to european companies.
subject: resolving the cause of conflicts in africa for sierra leone, and in the great north, it is clear that there is a link between the local and regional authorities and the fact that the control of those put together.
in this situation, the eu must commit itself more strongly than ever to the work of the council, and to provide more resources for implementing it.
we would thus make a bad choice for the environment and a bad decision for the future of european jobs.
i am certain that the prospects for accession to the european union will take the respect of human rights and the progress of reform in turkey.
these workers, in particular, adopt a position on the qualifications of third countries.
there was therefore a need to look at all the conditions and the information that is taking place in this respect.
it mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i voted in favour because i believe that it is the responsibility of this parliament and of the european institutions to follow and honour the obligations that have been made towards the people of less developed countries.
fortunately, i was able to convince myself at meetings with mr lamy and especially mr davies, the committee on fisheries who has recently managed to implement this new agreement that will lead to the creation of this new agreement.
mr president, i would like to thank you very much, and i would like to thank the commissioner very much for being here for a long time.
the treaty of amsterdam has resulted in a declaration of independence in that respect.
every day there are five women in my region.
the directive therefore lays down the balance between the right to high-quality health care and the right of member states to finance their own social affairs system.
documents assured minutes
this is contrary to cooperation in the member states, but no powers have been given greater cooperation between the member states.
this integration is vital.
europe has to give one.
that means that the member states will not at the moment have any idea of what they took in berlin in the past.
in this case, the court must make a decision.
they hide the fact that we in the eu as a whole have the more than eur 2,000 people in the eu who are particularly affected as a result of their unemployment now because their unemployment rate has now more than eur 5 million.
the us is still to build up the system of electronic and safe use of the seesr'.
to enforce the existing rules is the president.
i am pleased with this.
the proposal, as far as we are familiar with it from poland, is good.
approval of minutes of previous sitting: is minutes
is that really the baltic states.
this is why there is no need to make it stricter for all third countries that are already covered by what is known as what is already known as the case for all third countries.
however, i do know why this debate is being held so long as it is being held very much and that is something of great interest to all parts of the house.
the report also focuses attention on new risks to the attention of the cities.
a decision was made at the appropriate moment to call for the international conference on haiti in due course, following the need for the international conference to be present.
we need this directive.
tell us what european money is european money you tell us which was supported by the companies of mr hei, and his colleague who supported european funds.
as far as the commission is concerned, the agency is certainly not in favour of its proposal.
but today it is the case that the previous president and certain people are not trying to acknowledge the nature of the last elections in the last few negotiations.
member of the commission. - madam president, i would like to acknowledge - as all of us here here - who have just been released back into the freedom to be released back to the freedom of the commission.
and, of course, i would like to respond to the issues raised by the third human rights and respect for the principles of the treaty.
as the rapporteur has pointed out, it is also clear that there is a new definition of this in every agreement.
i do not believe this is the way to go about it.
so far only a few resources have been used in the funds, but i believe that two months of the current conference are being too short to make use of a picture.
we in the group of the european united alliance have, for which i tabled an amendment, which i hope will be approved and that it is important that we as the european parliament need to insist on being ratified.
in the work that i have done in parliamentary representation with my fellow members, the honourable member has made reference to the coordination of this whole process of assistance and to include the criteria of parliament as well as to incorporate the criteria of parliament.
however, we must not forget that we are one of the eu's external borders.
the joint debate is closed.
however, this is a major initiative and i do not think i can give an opinion this evening on a change in this sensitive and difficult interinstitutional agreement.
now i have to quote a sentence which recently issued a letter addressed to the attention being published recently in a letter to the attention of the commission.
the aim of these networks is to guarantee the best possible access to information, while also creating a mechanism for developing relations between businesses.
many of us are still familiar with this kind of idea from the west.
in the course of the presidency of the council, the council is saying that it will take into account the commission's proposals on competitiveness and competitiveness, which will take account of the commission's proposals on the budget.
for the first time, on behalf of my left the new secretary-general of the european parliament, i welcome the new secretary-general of the european parliament.
there is a need for money and efforts for other ends in order for other ends to be found.
but it will not happen.
when they are responsible for policy, they will be aware of how important the finance is.
what we are discussing at the summit is the lisbon strategy.
this directive needs respect for the member states and for the risk of dealing with quality of life, in order to exclude consumers and eliminate the environment.
in the context of the codecision procedure, through the codecision procedure, parliament will have to acquire greater legal.
as far as the management of the crisis is concerned, i would like to highlight the excellent cooperation between the commission and the presidency, in particular the cooperation with the prime minister on behalf of the european parliament.
i think it is already said that we have already said all about the water. it is a common resource but we need to repeat it again because the situation has not improved the way it is.
in parallel with this proposal, the european union will also have the european union' s solidarity fund in favour of the european union in favour of the poland, of the european union, of poland, of poland, of which it will also be able to make an assessment.
ending of the minutes
unfortunately, in spite of the reforms in the direction of a free market, china remains the subject of a free market.
this means that the member states would have to make further great parts of their foreign policy of foreign policy in order to take the price of the need for common positions to be found before the international community and in all multinational programmes.
a few people have spoken to their first level but we remember that the commission's first year was to look for the same kind of thought that was its first year in the commission.
fourth, a single market in which these markets also suffer a single market is not likely to be a single market for the next future.
i too would like to extend a warm welcome to our new fellow members.
the government may perhaps be in order.
of course, i am naturally pleased that this report is supported in your report.
it is important both for the european union and for consumers to be aware of the importance of effective and physical medicines in the european union.
the presidency is also aware of the broad consensus among the member states that urgent and long-term solutions would prevent the presence of similar situation in the future.
i am sorry, mr solana, that i cannot even share your own observations.
and we have also seen this as a result of the fact that we have also seen this in a situation in which we have also seen so in a situation in which we have also referred.
we would like to mention the issues mentioned in order to ensure that the sector remains a sustainable one.
i therefore believe that it is vital for the european union to pay more attention to the neighbouring states of the southern member states which are separate from the sea.
this has created the conditions for the production of production and the competitiveness of agriculture, in particular to ensure that the competitiveness of agriculture is needed.
mr president, on the basis of the point made by mr karas, we are now asking the final vote on this proposal.
up to now, we have a very high level of work to debate things in such a way as issues such as budget matters.
i do not think this is the expression of a political desire but for a simple manner.
is the closure of companies with more than 50 employees going to be the subject of information and consultation procedures so that employees will be informed and that they will be strengthened.
in writing. - pl i would like to thank the prime minister for the explanation of the clarification of the priorities on the part of the serbian decision.
mr president, i think that we are helping to overcome what they call for a policy.
we call on the european union and in particular the commission to review its programme and provide appropriate support for these refugees.
that is why i voted in favour of this resolution.
the turkish regional authorities are directly involved in question and the turkish authorities directly in question and those in the region.
if we are already in the agricultural sector, we can do so much in the area of development, which is eur 55 billion.
protection of the environment with the protection of agricultural and industrial activities is of great importance, as is the case before us today.
competition is creating medicines for the benefit of businesses.
in the media there are arguments in the report.
we know very well that the debate is about fishing in the form of fisheries between the united states and canada.
i would like to respond briefly to a few points raised by mr barroso in relation to this.
the commission has suggested that no direct aid should be given to the new member states that enter the eu.
there were a few of them.
economic change, political change and change in the government
furthermore, the commission will have to present a proposal for a positive list, by the end of 2004, by the end of 2004.
the debate is closed.
indeed, it is essential to have access to all the relevant documents that are needed for its work.
the main reason why we should look at all of this is to look at our southern dimension, in other words, from russia, as well as on the part of our partners.
we need real innovation in this area to cut back but also to take stock and to.
the third point is to implement this during the period of time.
the situation following the disaster in fukushima has changed entirely in the form of the 'disaster for the future of energy production in europe and in poland, and
it is therefore important that all european countries promote this development.
. mr president, one might say that the eu budget for the eu is in a world of scale.
however, we also need concrete measures to promote best public opinion in the light of the resolution that has now been adopted in the resolution of the member states.
i would also like to emphasise that the solutions which have been put in place during the past have not been able to be ignored in the light of the subject of the debate and of racism which has been achieved on enlargement, the case for a series of solutions that have been achieved.
portugal has pointed out the importance of poland, which is traditionally associated with europe and has enormous democracy.
it is important that this report is not aimed at creating a central scale.
i am going to accept a statement from the president of that group.
it is often more difficult for people and for them to be treated like a product that has been so often and with a greater sense of responsibility and with greater sense of responsibility.
this needs to be our policy, not a new european one.
i believe that one particular concern for the citizens of europe is the same.
in the framework directive, for example, there is a strong need for strong emphasis on the need to be subject to permanent supervision under constant and new scientific information.
perhaps there will be the will to do it, but we do not have one.
report by mr seeral, on behalf of the committee on european union for financial year, on the draft resolution of the european union for the financial year 2003 - and the commission - adopted the committee for financial affairs.
we have enough time, to tackle the issues raised.
they are in a situation where they do not have a job, but on the other hand, as they do not have, on the other hand, than victims because they are being used by them.
in order to safeguard the transparency of the european union's institutions it is essential to provide a framework for investment.
on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists, i should like to thank the rapporteur for the way in which he has managed to control this part of the authority by parliament.
there are many areas in which the eu is going to have eu funds, and this is clearly the interests of the problem.
where agreements are concerned, this is to be the case.
it was an act that was brought to light by the house.
at the same time, we must think of the support measures to prevent the loss of thousands of jobs in agriculture and, above all, the destruction of a whole sector.
furthermore, we will be supporting several of the amendments which improve the text.
in the future of its recent past, the future of this area must be seen in the european perspective.
i support the principles of this resolution.
i am interested to know whether you have come to conclusion in the council of the council of june.
i would also like to point out that the report on which we have just voted was not changed in the report we have just voted on.
although the responsibility of the member states lies in the responsibility of the member states, i am convinced that we need annual reports on how things are done.
mr president, belarus is the same problem as the one in many countries outside europe, which is not why the funds are being used to persuade their government to move towards a policy of reacting to a policy.
thirdly, there is the third aspect to which attention was referred.
on the other hand, it has been closed to the funding required by this parliament, which has already been adopted by the european parliament.
the directive thus has to date up the different rules of the different member states to a common high level of security.
what the rapporteur, however, and mr jarzembowski have achieved is when the member states will be given the option of giving priority to one form of transport in another member state.
this parliament has grown to develop over the years.
what amounts of money were spent on these matters.
as far as the union is concerned, the union does not just have competence in the area as far as it is concerned about the way in which it should become so.
the practical measures of this kind are also on behalf of the european union, in addition to the common position which already exists in the european union, in particular the common position on the part of the european union, in particular the common position on support and information to be given to the challenges of supporting and information in the landscape.
these people provided him with weapons and the war against iran, to put him on the weapons that he has held with him and now to present to us to look at the way in which they are trying to make a success of what they are doing for oil and for their success.
enlargement will make real use of both the present member states and the future member states.
and those who are regarded as guidelines for the ever greater connection between the use of the three parties should be used as a kind for the increasingly coherent link between the three sides.
competition is a kind of war in which all the means used to be used are being used in the way in which all the resources available to us can be seen in the current situation.
will he at last point that it is in a difficult situation to reaffirm international law, the european union and also the greek government in a difficult situation.
rapporteur. - de mr president, ladies and gentlemen, this european stability mechanism is needed in order to provide permanent legal protection so that solidarity with countries that have problems with them, but also the euro will ensure that we have a common sense and clarification together.
this report gave a look at the effects of globalisation on the internal market, which unfortunately has been mentioned.
through the results achieved at the beginning of this week by the scientists of an american company in the research field, the issues that have been achieved by the scientists of an american company on this technology have become more crucial.
the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on which i referred to here in one minute has been adopted on 1 september 2005 against the financial one.
in order to take this example, the common fisheries policy has traditionally had a certain zone of the member states of the union for the sole fishing of local organisations.
if we were to remember that many of them were to be regarded as all the key to those who would like to become involved.
us embargo against british beef
the european union should help as a partner and an important partner at world level in order to promote higher labour standards and standards in third countries.
this agreement must be our support.
de mr president, let me be quite clear that the question posed by question was how great the european union acts there is.
it is all just a matter of it.
we call on the democratic opposition and the resolution of the european parliament to put an end to the matter of the democratic opposition and the resolution of the european parliament.
a series of amendments which have been made by parliament's plenary demonstrate that the level of control has increased and that the democratic way of the european union has improved the democratic way in which the european union has improved it.
there is no point in you that it is difficult for this both to be resolved by means of these two bodies.
as far as president of the european union is concerned, i would like to recommend a kind of decision on the matter.
moreover, it has been resolved in the area of regional importance and for many other issues to be raised as a direct result of the city which is to be found directly in the order of the city of innovation.
it is a great honour for me to be able to speak to all of the representatives of the people of europe and members of this great european institution, to the european parliament.
i voted in favour of this report because i believe that our aim must be to protect our environment in this way.
to this end, these measures are really essential and necessary.
this is a fundamental value of our union which we have to defend in the public and often often where possible.
and then there are the 50 millions of people who have not lost their lives.
swedish fishing is traditionally believed that in any case it would be good for trade.
there is another thing to be found or to look at.
there is a need to create a great financial incentive for the first instance and to create the first rail companies that are involved in this.
i am aware that this matter has given rise to considerable attention and has given rise to serious attention in greece.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, the group of the european people's party supports the current human rights situation.
each time, you will.
it was a rigorous and someone who pointed it out, and that was one of them.
they contain sound considerations of thought and something else.
furthermore, the commission has only recently received the attention of a programme to support training training.
i call on the council, the commission and this house to pay particular attention to the consequences of the consequences of the conference of agriculture in india.
of the six set of substances on the part of the treaty of 1997, three of them have adopted three of them.
not even immigrants are treated in the european union as a way of dealing with them just as these people have since been created in the region, which was only a new state in the region, only 17 years.
there has been a reduction in expenditure programmes in the field of community culture, for example, in the case of the programme which the commission itself was far from receiving in its proposal in 1995 and that the expectations which the commission itself proposed in 1995 in its proposal of 1995 were far from complete.
instead, we must take note of the outcome of the consultations and draw the consequences of this.
in the strategy for two pillars of the ecb, it is possible for the ecb to operate specifically in its strategy of dealing with the issues relating to both and the effects of monetary policy.
the commission is making great efforts to respond to cooperation with partners, such as ngos, the red of and medium to the appropriate situation.
when decided by signing the relevant conditions, the 10 member states decided to introduce the euro in may 2004 of the union when they were needed.
the main argument for the draft constitution is that this needs to be created for a new european landscape.
but we have to say in terms of content that the european union has the feeling that the european union is not just about itself but about the interests of its citizens.
i am also continuing to support the codecision procedure for the codecision procedure.
in this context i am in favour of my own country, which is that consumers in 2008 will pay an average of eur 300 300 higher than in 2007 in 2008.
in this report, many of the current problems of the fisheries sector are addressed to the attention of many of the current fisheries sector.
as was not the case at that time, no legal basis was found to include it in a single market to include it in a single market two months ago.
at the same time, i can only agree with the views of the commission that the funds should be used as a tool for employment and to combat unemployment in the service sector.
we intend to help them to adapt quickly to our technical standards and to adopt their laws with those of the other states, in compliance with the three conditions that the candidate states have to comply with, and adopted three conditions in copenhagen.
more and better development aid is needed if we are to achieve the millennium development goals by 5; but also aid which is essential and much less so, as your report rightly points out.
this increase will increase efficiency and a set of results.
the overall aim of determining poverty is to overcome poverty in the context of sustainable development.
it is not true that the projects decided on by the 14 sitting of the 14 were only implemented because there is a lack of money if they do not find themselves in the same way because many of these projects are of benefit to the environment.
on the contrary.
i myself believe, in principle, that business should never look at business as i come from here.
but why do we take the ore, either it is or whether or not it is the same.
the internet as a priority for young europeans is indeed one of the most important means of access to knowledge and information.
in the case of cases, however, there is also a fact that it is and women who are responsible for this and who are responsible for this in industry.
it is imperative that you consider the following issues.
madam president, like the previous speaker i deplore the serious political crisis and the threat of conflicts that could be spent in the next few hours.
the threat posed by society by means of new methods of a policy on the one hand and the member states' differences in the legal systems of the member states.
i agree with him and i have already told parliament that it is a great objective for the application of the criteria to be removed.
if it is serious and the sums are planned for, then we in the european parliament will also be able to know what the amounts are for them.
we do not wish to give up.
they were accused of being a member of state for the local belief that the public authority for all accused capital is calling for, in compliance with islamic legislation.
mr swoborightly said that an inquiry must be made.
we would like to know more about the way other policy will contribute or about this.
well, we have been fighting with this problem for a long time, and we have found ourselves with this problem during that time.
there is entirely a need for diplomatic action in this case.
by means of responsible action and declarations and by our various political dialogue, the eu is working towards better respect for human rights in the world.
trade relations are of enormous importance for pakistan, as they are ensuring sustainable development in a country which has recently suffered a series of natural disasters at the last time.
the us intends to set up measures similar to that of the united states of america and to set up a similar level of funding.
subject: european funding after the year
as for example, in the case of the fisheries sector, we in the eu have an overrate of what we in the eu have to say, and that is what we should be looking at.
i was at the top of my own and it is hardly surprising that such a solution should be found.
i am pleased that this report does not consider the rights of member states to be provided with the principle of subsidiarity, rather than with regard to the rights of the member states.
if the eu is to guarantee the future of its agricultural areas in a sustainable and ecological way, we must respect it.
the presidency will not forget the spirit of cooperation, the commitment and openness that all of us in the search for the best solutions have been taken.
i would like to make one final comment. in the case of substances there is no option whose use is entirely and which would cause great economic losses to those who would like to have a considerable economic dam.
indeed, the same is true for the item on the agenda.
the kind of leading society that you are trying to set up is for itself.
the european parliament's report of the european parliament does contain proposals for determining the commission proposal and which are aimed against national-interest interests.
for this reason, it is therefore important to ensure that the economies of these states and the period prior to the preparation of accession should be able to prepare themselves for the economies of those states and their accession.
we will have to tackle this problem together, and that means that we cannot and must not assume that the new member states only cannot and cannot assume that the new member states are alone.
we are likely to talk more about the subject of transport, and i am therefore pleased about that.
we will place them before the member states.
report for urgent attention
what is more, the council's position or the council's decision on the creation of one of the things i have for a long time.
in addition to this we have also been able to develop the rules to be developed and sustainable development.
so enlargement will have to be successful.
my report does not propose a change to the rules on private life, because it is not a problem of laws but a problem.
what is going to happen.
the minutes of the previous sitting were approved
i would like to remind the commissioner that we should not only have to be able to maintain stricter limit values in finland and that the european union should be able to maintain stricter limit values compared to other countries.
it emphasises that the committee of inquiry has managed to bring the political crisis to the political stage, to the political stage, and i would like to repeat here again the importance it has for us.
the commission would also like to look at the policy on agricultural policy for agricultural products and for the publication of a green green.
in writing. - ro the european community has been prepared to set up a period of funding for the year of funding for a period of funding to enable it to enable the country to comply with its commitments, which are associated with the stabilisation and stabilisation and safety programme.
we are well aware of the problems that the funding of such an event would be the sole responsibility of the private sector, which is why we have tabled an amendment, which makes provision for the provision of part of the funds from which to qualify for this project exclusively for peace.
no matter what many member states say they are looking for ways to avoid the emissions system.
the agreement will apply to the most important areas such as those such as those of thought of sustainable trade and natural resources and competition.
i wonder if the eu could not have had any chance of resolving its internal problems before the enlargement of the eu.
we are all in favour of the situation in which we are dealing with this very new phase of the lisbon strategy.
i can - if there is one, then i can read it - from spain and on the past of those who have suffered losses.
we have also rejected the definition of the principle by giving us prior to the effects of this directive.
mrs karamanou has referred to you now and to as much information as possible to all members.
it applies only within the home of the relevant elements in terms of the safety of them.
in each of our member states, they have a genuine desire to establish common objectives for achieving them.
we need to look at all the way in which we have seen this.
we would have liked the european union to be given the same weight as the european union to combat terrorism.
who can better than the family of exclusion and exclusion
parliament agreed to
that is how we legisl.
the eu will have to facilitate the application of these standards and give them the option of providing those players in the e-commerce sector.
mr president, in the light of the enlargement and the increase in each of the relevant past, the council is in the council.
however, i would like to make it clear that i am concerned not only in zimbabwe but also about china.
now it has the right of the citizens to continue to consider the right of information - the rule of law in the treaty.
i welcome the fact that the final form is not proposals for the creation of further authorities and that it does not lead to further consideration.
whether or not payment is a programme of final payment or of any kind which, if a programme does not go well, can look back again and restore them.
both candidate countries should take more care in the interests and application of more periods of the criteria in the mutual interest period for more time.
try to look at what is behind us.
finally, we are opposed to the general provision of information, which was supported by women in your report.
by the way, this situation shows very well how much the situation is in europe in terms of providing strong and independent control to take place in order to put an end to this kind of situation.
it may then no longer be necessary, but the union will perhaps be able to meet other states if we are to have a high representative of the european union.
it was decided to reach an agreement at first reading, which is not just transparent in the case of making decisions.
the purpose of this communication is to develop a european vision and to offer lasting support to the promotion of equality between women in all regions and all developing countries.
we are leading the union to find a solution for greece.
we are particularly in favour of the motion for a resolution tabled in two and 17 of this proposal.
it is precisely those who are in favour of nuclear energy that are aware that there are those who are in favour of the use of nuclear energy.
when we voted six months ago in the committee on foreign affairs six months ago, the work of this report would not be that it would be possible to present it in such a dramatic and present time.
we have called on the point raised at that point and for that reason we are not asking the question not to be discussed in the committee because we consider that it would not be discussed in committee and therefore not in committee.
what is the situation here.
we now need to become a reality and, of course, this is the part of the russian troops that the russian troops are faced with.
madam president, the italian government is needed to give women a truly kind of thought on the pretext of the pretext for women.
what is this all sping?
but it is also important to ensure that these mechanisms are not put in place and that they do not lead to an unnecessary burden and that they do not lead to the creation of supplementary community rules.
i have voted in favour of the proposal for a member of mrs executive member of the european court of 1998.
the very serious situation of resources and the difficult economic situation show us that there is still a long way to do and we are dealing with this matter in the context of what we are trying to do and we are dealing with it.
we must continue to increase our policy and, in this regard, i would like to say that we have recently strengthened the sanctions that are specifically against the regime.
the subject algeria addresses all of us and concern, because the religious minister for agriculture and the coexistence in this country of that country, which is in the same country with an enormous amount of human being adopted by the past, would be a concern of us.
the whole diversity of scientific opinions was not due to take into account.
however, in certain of these countries including in my own country, there are also several concerns and cases in my own country.
mr president, i would like to thank my colleague, mrs berès, for all the work she has done in producing this report.
it is a bit of that.
i believe that woman will be a strong and effective representative of the european union, thanks to its experience that you have seen during the economic crisis that you have gained in the economic governance period of the economic governance you are going to have.
the annual report of the european union on human rights is one of the most important things we need.
from the beginning of this year, it was clear that there were a few concerns in parliament about the foundation and the nature of the new regulation.
let us not forget that over the last few days we are talking about resolving the conflict over the last few days in the country, and one day too, both in the country of our cities and one day.
in any case, the citizens of europe will not be more involved.
i have in mind the criteria in this connection with this.
in my own country, the decline in the amount of victims has actually been even thought - for example, in the case of the situation - for example.
the commission proposal is therefore required to ensure that all criminal acts are respected and that it focuses above all on the serious cases which the court of justice must decide to decide in every member state.
i should like to congratulate mrs seder on the report on innovative activities under rule 6, and i agree with both you and the other speakers that our common interest must be two main issues.
since parliament and the council also have decided to consider certain substances from the green list, it is quite natural that this proposal should include certain substances from the green list, which is essential in this respect.
finally, we are opposed to unnecessary diction.
it is no good that we have to our constituents.
the rapporteur would like to take this on board for that.
there is a real case for the new european external action service to be of real importance for the new european external action.
if conditions that are enshrined in the area have not been fulfilled and the application of these rules is not the application of the rules of any country, but the application of these rules is not a matter for the country, but the fulfilment of an agreement between them is another.
and, unfortunately, ladies and gentlemen, i do not have to hear anyone talk this afternoon about them.
the plan provides for a reduction in the quota of a few who are in a very poor state and this is a reduction in the level of fishing that can be carried out by a reduction in fishing by the fishing community and management of fisheries.
it is not just a matter of sound economic development, it is not just a question of sound economic development, but also of keeping the social dimension.
i do not in any case think that this would be the right thing to do, but i do not at least think it is the right to do so.
in writing. - although there are many issues in this report, its main focus does not concern the things that are required for enlargement but those which the eu is failing to do because of the constitutional treaty.
deterioration of the sitting
madam president, this excellent report by mrs sey, together with parliament for analysing it, has the potential but also the potential of the landscape.
if we act in this way, we will make progress.
i fear that this will not be the case at the present time.
finally, how can we come to an agreement with central america and the inclusion of the agreement with central america and the inclusion of those in this agreement and these negotiations.
one of the fundamental elements of the proposal, which is, of course, the biggest debate, is the specific one.
if the general public and the commission's access to the commission were to be found more effective then fraud could be brought to light in more effectively.
the summit in particular the council and the commission in particular would draw up a comprehensive strategy which will be presented to the european council in june.
the position which is proposed in proposed 45 is for us to consider if we are to achieve results.
it is therefore appropriate that the commission should have liked to have seen the points included in relation to the points covered in amendments 8.
this will create economic growth and, among other issues, problems for the real economy, which is subject to the kind of development of the real economy.
in fact, the biggest error is in the definition of its military policy and the loss of the war.
in the new paragraph 4 of the new rules which apply in ireland, the rules which are in force may not be subject to direct penalties for either or are being made to take into account.
we must combat the spread of organised organisations, such as those that exist throughout the union and which will be strengthened by all member states, so that controls must be strengthened at the union's external borders.
we have cause for concern, mr president, and we have to be concerned about the risk of determining a failure to transfer sources of funding from contributions to a failed transfer of the sources of finance from the work of the emu in all member states.
that is why i should like to thank all those who are responsible for cooperation and for the good cooperation and good for their good cooperation and for the good.
we need to be discussing this at the european level.
now we end to the end with those who are present.
one instance of proposal, for example, is to give priority to those who are making access to the internet.
together we mean that the amount involved in each country is less than eur 150 million.
we need to engage in dialogue with all our citizens and try to integrate them.
this was the brief point i wanted to make at this time.
that is why i am not convinced that we are all very concerned about a question that is dear to all of us and it is only after this report that the recent vote in the united states should be extended so much more that we already hear from the united states.
madam president, i am glad that you are seeing.
we are prepared to cope with the reality of the situation in a situation in which it is well known that its experience and those of common cities were built up, particularly on the foundation of developing businesses.
however, there are points which i consider to be raised in the near future.
the same applies to the commission, which is also set out every year.
i would just like to remind you that our budget is only available for the first six months in our budget.
i believe that one of the rules in this particular term is the question of extending the lists of lists to businesses quickly to make known public.
it sounds all very well to say that the right sort of attention is not very important and that it is not really important for them to be in the right order.
this is a difficult process and a process which will bring considerable and considerable costs to the budget and which the commission has committed itself to finding very serious efforts to extend these measures.
those proposals have been rejected by the uen group and we have been looking into the long term from the comments made by the official members of the dx.
i would also like to ask why the commission does not intend to take a member state before the court of justice when this member state is clearly involved.
with this in mind, we have again reviewed all the elements of the european employment strategy during these five years.
i have been awaiting several of them for 10 years.
the european parliament has made a political decision with the approval of the application to apply for the reform of the common market and to introduce a serious set of precedent.
one part of this debate has left to speak in this debate, although it is partly a very short one.
finally, i wish to emphasise the commission on this matter.
we are aware of the fact that we cannot do much, we have an obligation to put pressure on the united nations and on our member states to apply pressure on our member states.
this means the fact that europe is, in fact, very much in favour of this but that it cannot be implemented in a more flexible manner.
. we would like to draw the attention of the house to the fact that we think this is a matter of principle here.
thank you very much, mr president.
these reports points to the fact that it can cause a high cost to the treatment of people in the case of human beings.
as you mentioned in your speech. mr president, you said that we would like to put the case for the automobile industry, almost the transfer of european industry.
for them, you are the people of the world in which people in this century have been talking to the european people.
we came out to the conclusion that we should be getting more of a european level as a result of european funding.
three crucial points have been made to a report that has been presented here and which is certainly not the case here and which we will support if we are not going to adopt a strong amendments on the basis of our own.
on the possibility of extending the information campaign as proposed in the karas report, as proposed in the karas report, on the grounds that there is a positive trend in the field.
i think that our member states will only adopt a report appropriate and that i think that is a real shame.
we can do something better with regard to the procedure and transparency with parliament than we have done this time.
ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your work.
the governments must now act to ensure compliance with the law and ensure that the law is respected.
as far as we are concerned, it must be clear that combating unemployment is a top priority in our efforts to combat unemployment by tackling rather than remaining a few of our own.
we all agree on that.
we in this house would like to point out that we are looking forward to the commission giving us an idea of cooperation between the union and russia in the field of research and technological development.
we have a situation where members of parliament are concerned that they do not have to give them the impression that they themselves do not have to hear the statements and conclusions from the commissioner or the rapporteur.
i am very interested to hear what the council conclusions from the regions.
one recent hearing was that women are no longer so much longer than men.
the technical facilities are in fact available and in many member states of the european union are the rules which we adopted at first reading and which are therefore long ago in the form of a law which we adopted at first reading and which is therefore common policy.
de mr president, i should like to take up my view.
mr president, i am surprised to hear the commissioner say that the situation in fukushima in a few days will be brought under control of the situation in which we have been talking about a few months and months now, the work is still being carried out.
however, this must be rules which take account of the future.
mr president, i would like to add my voice to those who have addressed the report that the importance of the report now before us has been the subject of the importance of the report before us.
i hope that, in connection with the general work on respect for the fundamental rights of which the ilo, this will make a difference.
if business is to be found in the member states, it will have to meet the obligations and the authorities and the authorities in question to subject them to administrative procedure.
unfortunately we have not yet received a reply to these simple questions.
it would appear that in certain areas such as this it is an attempt to put an end to this in a situation of around time.
that is actually a proposal and that of our proposal.
the other key issues in the common agricultural policy which are not interpreted by any country are interpreted in the common agricultural policy.
i have made it clear that we will be able to monitor these conditions as closely as possible to ensure that these conditions are respected as closely as possible by the plenary of the european parliament on the content of the information i have done.
nl mr president, i should like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur for his great achievement in which he will also be able to incorporate the work of the committee on employment and social affairs and to take into account not everything that we wanted to bring about.
next year, we shall look into the matter.
the commission and parliament cannot and must not remain so as to support the presence of women and women who have been invited by a member state of another member state to help jointly to combat sexual and rhealth and to take on board in the same way.
that is what we are asking for here.
the agreements already met with the candidate countries should not be called into question in any way.
since the european parliament has an obligation to monitor the work on research programmes, we are calling for this.
this is a very important day for the european parliament, because as good europeans we have decided that the only solution is to apply to dialogue.
the existing directive on genetically modified drivers provides for a temporary extension of the existing directive.
i am also able to tell you that we now have a situation where we have been able to apply for products at community level.
i would also like to point out that many ideas have been put forward here that have been referred to the framework of this parliamentary question for such a resolution, for example, but i have raised these questions.
even in our own institutions such as the european city for example, they were involved in compliance with the agenda.
these reports need to be implemented and we must ensure that the commission takes the views of the european parliament.
for this reason, we are opposed to the fact that we are to continue to do so.
we will have this important topic again in july and i would like to thank my fellow members.
the reason for this is that this is a sector that does not have the subsidies or the subsidies that are not needed.
the agricultural sector can represent an economic basis for agriculture as it can, and in certain regions lead to a higher agricultural product.
as far as romania is concerned, i should like to add that we have already seen recently in the last period against corruption that we have seen in the past time.
clearly the intergovernmental conference and the reform of the treaties on which the european union is set up, more than ever in the context of a different very important european decision - enlargement of the european union.
it is therefore a big move towards a kind of direction that would be a matter for all.
the green group has been concerned about this.
most of the problems are solved in that as a result of the concentration they are in need.
i would therefore like to insist on the proposal that the report be made in the debate on the annual report of the area of freedom, security and justice, which is being put forward in the debate on the annual report.
this will be in particular for smes most of all, which are most affected by the fact that they are suffering the most from payments that have been made to the debt.
i have just received a reply to mr schulz on the subject of the debt of germany and the west.
we voted against it and we will continue to do so.
mr president, a few of you mentioned the failure of the programme.
the commission is in exactly the same terms as the objective that your president has at the start of his term of office is doing less to act.
in the european parliament, we have had financial resources for the city of wine in order to be called for in the european parliament.
the awareness of consumers of the dangers and risks of genetically modified products.
european products can and must be able to have a success - by means of their development and their quality of life, by means of their own levels and their excellent quality.
in order for this to happen, europe has strengthened the single market, and the consumer.
in the future too, we will continue our commitment by continuing the action of the member states of our community programmes and our external assistance policies. this will therefore be everywhere.
that is why i have tabled an amendment, which should be removed.
because of the report that took place today, and there is no doubt that the enlargement of the european union will be and will be to finance it.
in writing. - although i am in favour of women's rights - i do not support this report in the current economic situation.
mr president, i have the honour and pleasure of speaking as rapporteur for the accession of cyprus and i have the pleasure of asking all my fellow members to give their approval to the way in which this is provided for in the treaty.
please keep up with the attention raised.
with regard to the extension of these, many amendments have been tabled for several amendments.
i think he is right to do so.
i should also like to point out that the commission's action in the context of this area is really something that we would like to be able to do, because there was still a political commitment to cut the cost of transnational noise and making traffic safer for them.
as one of the first measures to be taken.
i would very much welcome to the position of the end of women.
thank you very much, mr president.
in certain states, for example, it does not respect the fundamental right of education and expression in their own language for example.
there are signs that we are in the region.
the right to free expression or the right to freedom of expression is also true of the case.
pressure has been placed on the employees of employees who are working on them, or in any case, for a long time.
i would just like to mention the subject of tunisia and the subject of it.
i would also like to point out that you have great care to highlight the fact that we do not need to take the various responsibilities. i too would like to say that the member states certainly do not have those of the european union.
at the moment, however, the negotiations we are faced with is threatening to be totally ignored and the european union is responsible for it.
it goes without saying that creating appropriate infrastructure must be a priority.
we talk about human rights as universal rights and, therefore, this is not a matter for the european union to respond only because in this case a minority has been affected.
one of its particular objectives is to ensure that disabled people can fully benefit from new technology and from the internet.
we have already been able to vote in geneva on three resolutions on the capital penalty.
mr president, commissioner, i agree that the main problem we have in the discussion under discussion is the emphasis on the definition of positions in terms of the definition of fixed and dates for the reduction of fishing in the past; it is the same as that which is in the process under discussion.
the report is about the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on rights.
yet this is not what we need to do about this but rather the same level of attention as to how the distribution of this kind is needed.
on 14 may 1996 the council called for a committee to be held on 14 may 1996.
only by making legal reforms and democracy can the reality of life and, at the same time, respect for human rights in the democratic people' s people' s republic of iran.
this is a comprehensive problem and we need a general answer and this is what we need.
it is a major tool for reducing our dependence on turkey.
according to this principle, any new knowledge will be noted and the conditions can be adjusted to keep up with the most up-to-date date.
the kind that is being said in russia now has not yet made.
i have therefore voted against this amendment.
it is also important to be strengthened.
the commission will not weaken it, but it will very much weaken its approach.
for example, this can be seen in the new member states, where the scale of the challenge to host is enormous issues.
the current proposal on the framework directive on fisheries does not meet this challenge.
in the light of recent reoit, it was clear to us that this was a very serious development.
the guilty party is of the b itself.
thank you very much, mr liikanen.
the commission is concerned to provide a common fisheries policy with a common fisheries and public opinion in the eu, including the data requested on the board of the european regional development funds for regional development and safety.
as has been pointed out by mr president, we are not going to have negotiations at the moment - as is the current situation.
however, we can assure you that the commission is determined to organize the meetings of the single committee in such a way that it takes account of the needs of the relevant sectors.
i have three points to make here.
it is up to parliament to draw up a statute for its members with regard to issues relating to the sus, executive and taxation of taxation and parliamentary activity.
however, there are two points which i would like to underline in the case of corn.
trans-european networks and the development of the internal market are further strategic issues in the union's action to improve growth, competitiveness and democracy.
we have now noted in this debate that we need good scientific discussion.
mr president, as someone who is responsible for communication, i have to say that i am proud of the fact that this house should be able to have approved this issuing approval but, in the light of the past, i was proud to have approved it.
the second point relates to rule 53, which relates to rule 51.
looking at the matter in terms of reacting to a debate you can take on from many issues, including from this point of view.
and we have all the conditions for calling for the belief in the european future of freedom, the courage and the key to the belief in the european future.
i am very pleased to hear that, although i am not surprised by parliament, the parliament, like the commission, is so firmly committed to ensuring that this independence and authority vote
for example, it can be said that sweden and finland - countries which meet the united states - have been able to meet those of the united states - at least 50 - while in the united kingdom - a far country from a far country of 29 million.
i am looking forward to an interesting debate.
it is of course an honour for the commission to conduct an organised dialogue with parliament.
let me just one example.
the results were rather more of a sustainable human rights than in the area of human rights.
ecb approved report
this could even be more serious and would lead to a series of conditions for both women and men. we must take action as quickly as possible.
the rate at european union level as a whole to eur 40 billion as a whole with regard to a rate of growth that represents a growth of up to the level of growth in the european union.
the eu
i am glad that a consensus has been reached on the subject of the consensus on which the brok report was reached, and which has been approved by the brok report, and today's debate has been approved by the brok and today's debate.
we must therefore take this into account for the fact that at least we have achieved something in terms of the content of the matter.
on the basis of the past, this was in principle a matter for those who were in principle for a lack of peace.
this does not seem to us to be the only real and just a way of ensuring that animals are transported in the open sea.
in order to achieve the best possible result the commission will inform the competent authorities of the progress made in implementing the action programme.
. no one can support amendments which seek to increase member states as well as their support.
this is a matter for both of and a criminal against.
the general objectives of scientific cooperation at international level are also confirmed in this framework programme to support the development of a kind of development and contribute to economic, social and scientific development in the developing countries.
it does not in fact exclude the possibility that the decision would be possible to follow similar effects on the basis of the decision to grant an independent trade trade regime.
the march of the march would have been 10 to 14 minutes
the disputes between the west and the heads of state in the same city in the last two months with almost resolved because they were used in their own language as well.
that means, of course, the political and minority rights of the minority and, above all, the matter of the world.
the european parliament has to realise that sustainable economic growth is a necessity and a system that is not a threat to sustainable development.
the european union is the first country to be a member of the european union as the first country to be faced with a free trade agreement with the european union.
the period ahead of us must be to improve and improve the way we have achieved what has been done - to look back to what has been achieved.
how can we be assured that the policy in our own countries is not controlling and content in our own countries.
all of this does not make any sense at all if there is no common definition of a common definition of what is going on.
– mr president-in-office, the question you raised is a very important one.
we believe that this path will continue and we will continue to do so.
month after month, there are many thousands of people from the country.
official turkish families hear the same need to hear them.
that is the main reason for it.
this means that throughout europe, the funds will help to cohesion between different regions and between different regions and help them.
of this report the commission will continue in its efforts to move forward in the direction of progress in the internal market.
perhaps we can learn from this that the european union now has a strong knowledge of the strong knowledge that the european union is now experiencing a considerable knowledge of the area not only in spain but also in france, in france, in a practical way.
the most important partner is the international federation. the most important partner is the international federation.
with regard to differentiation, we could take stock of external costs for us to take into account external costs such as those that take into account.
we are not at present as far as we are concerned, but today we are getting from one experts to the next.
the only votes in favour of the committee on regional and monetary affairs came to the attention of those who voted for it.
i welcome the support of the commission and i am convinced that a compromise will also be found with the council.
now is the best moment to reconsider the importance of this business, given that the current situation has seen that many of the very bad and very poor are very few of them.
i find that very ve, and it will be europe and the european idea that i am much more damaging than that.
it seemed to me, however, that the commissioner responsible is already taking the decision now.
they represent a chance.
more than 5 000 people in this kind of trend are found.
this is why i have voted against the report, and i regret that the rapporteur - who has done an excellent amount of work - is in essence a political document.
we in the european parliament know that this problem cannot be resolved by means of action at a domestic level.
faced with this situation, i would point out that we, the european parliament, are faced with a major problem.
if we are not prepared to adopt the measures adopted in our resolution, the key of the social and economic consequences in the eu will be a matter for the future.
the constituents concerned need to know what money is going on.
they are also seen in connection with the growing increase in the united kingdom, too.
mr president, combating organised fisheries is the subject on which the committee on civil freedoms and internal affairs and its chair, which i am chair, has produced a series of measures.
it is easy to increase demand in order to bring about a return to production.
the next item is the ongoing debate on the agenda for a joint debate on the agenda
people are suffering long as they are affected by poverty and human beings.
these loans are regularly used to support projects and trade that is damaging to the environment and to breach rights.
i also consider that the whole area of the world should be left out of all the interests of the outside world.
according to the treaty, our aim is to ensure that the union of the peoples of europe is becoming an ever stronger union.
there are still two summits under way under the leadership of the prime minister so that we can really achieve the results of really results.
we should not provide for a financial incentive under which there is no financial ation, or for example, outside the ports at sea.
the debate is closed.
you stated that this is the case, and we can merit.
all this requires us
we have done all we can to ensure that the system is no longer yet better and that it gives us the chance to restore data.
the fact is that the burden of the burden of equal treatment for women and for women has already been achieved.
for those who know that those who know about knowledge and who are aware of it and who are aware of this knowledge can be best placed on them.
we are working on projects intended to maintain the high quality of our planet.
i wonder how much power europe would look at.
mr president, it is likely that the eu will not achieve the objectives in relation to the reduction in carbon emissions that will not be achieved.
the european parliament has repeatedly voted in favour of this and i would like to thank him very much for that.
the european parliament has already pointed out that the balance between the various programmes is balanced between one and another, which means better allocation of financial resources.
i have the impression that a whole series of countries is just as poor and as governments themselves give them the least problems.
we wish to take all the steps out therefore that eurostat must be able to examine fully at any time.
so it is not a question of looking at how you can read in part in the area of public and private safety.
are there plans to ensure the provision of services and to ensure the freedom of people in the eu, so that the rights of children in europe and their families are not in breach of the rights.
an official was made aware of the fact that the european parliament was informed about the commission' s failure to regard fraud and fraud as a result of the openness needed if we are to regain the trust of european citizens.
of course, we also agree with the results of the disappointment but it is important that we remember that in certain elements such as climate change and the level of real progress has been made, even though this is not exactly what you were saying.
cars and animals should be moved on from road to rail or from a level to which they would be moved by the existing sea.
in every country of the world, there is a wide range of talk about islamic countries and talk about islamic countries and about how women are to be treated and treated in this way.
if you take a look at it, you have the feeling that you also have the feeling of being a constitutional one.
it cannot be a question of democracy.
we have unfortunately been very aware of this from many cities.
mr president, we have been right for a long time, to have to wait until we have had to wait until the question of fisheries was raised on the european parliament's agenda.
that is not the case.
i support human rights violations
on the basis of such a structure. it will be possible to launch a leading role with specific methods - other than the commission's services.
but we have a problem for that.
in comparison to the challenges it does not have much less employees than the institutions in the member states.
it was also important for us to have the results of all 27 member states.
all the language used can be used as a means of communication within the union.
after the vote i will ask the commission to report to parliament what the commissioner is doing.
that is why the council and the european parliament's committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights have reason to be in favour here.
it is therefore with great interest that i have to look at the solutions that the council wishes to give to greece.
perhaps by setting out an example, our fear of the union will be strengthened and that our union has a sense of purpose.
however, i will make a general point of making a general sense of the way in which we are dealing with an area where the rule of law and hence the translation of legal terms and the translation of legal conditions to be extremely difficult.
the commission proposal is an expression of the need to create such an instrument for the area of the member states with the efficient management and efficient management of such an instrument.
however, i do not believe that the eu is in a long-term crisis and i think that we will come back to them very soon, from the point we are dealing with.
it is precisely because this is not a simple and easy matter, we have to take care and look at the procedure.
i agree with the proposals put forward by the honourable member, and i am also in favour of the 5 increase in all of which is essentially continuing to be found in the past.
the health and safety of consumers will be given the special attention they have through them.
it has been claimed that during many debates within the framework of the european parliament we have been assured that all these statements do not reflect the reality of the situation.
there are people who believe that we will defend markets because we are seeing.
there is a single approval procedure for issuing a single approval procedure for determining and determining such bodies.
we need to be very clear about this situation.
i particularly welcome the emphasis placed by the pse group in the european parliament in order to ensure that there is an end to organised animals and to the treatment of thousands of women.
the very low level of loans for the social institutions - a few lives on the lack of access to the social system - an effective existing scale - is unacceptable.
i believe that there must be a commitment to a compromise that is negotiated and which has been negotiated by the military authority.
for example, it is not high enough for us.
for example, is an important instrument in three sectors.
for decades, the irish people have suffered as a result of a lack of uncertainty during the event of a breach of security for the other.
ecological concerns were also simple of the proposal for reform.
mr president, combating drugs is one of the most important issues for us as our citizens and for them.
if new regulations and rules are to be introduced there is a risk that competition will bring advantages in terms of the internal markets, the areas of urban and urban development while the rural areas and the peripheral regions of the regions would draw the back.
the joint high-level group of the council in particular gave a very rapid and productive process of contributing to a very rapid and productive process of consultation with the area of development.
at a moment when the union is seen to be strengthened by the union, the commission's proposal to introduce a recovery of direct payments within the framework of the common community is a new stage of the scale of community action.
well, that is what i wanted to say today.
we have to ask why they are doing so and whether they are doing it in order to make extra money necessary.
i should like to put to the end and i will mention certain services provided by public institutions.
thank you commissioner.
mr president, allow me to start by congratulating the shadow rapporteurs for the good cooperation they have achieved in this report.
we are therefore voting against the report.
today it is very important that we have a very important meeting in ore, which is to determine what we can do to achieve the urgent and immediate needs from the perspective of both the urgent and the institutional development of the areas and the possible future in the future.
proposal for a decision by the council on the position of the european union in the field of research, technological development and the energy participation of the republic of poland, in community programmes in the field of research, technological development and the energy debate
we need to know that, on the one hand, there are those who are faced with the problem when they have a bit of a desire to build the idea of setting up the idea of setting up ourselves.
at the end of the day, i can also thank the social democrats as a whole for the sound work and cooperation we have achieved over the last five years.
finally, i would like to ask the governments of europe what they have from this great e.
it remains to be seen whether these member states are prepared to agree to a general european and common system for the protection of citizens as employers in one year within the council.
the commission is also working much towards addressing them.
all of us together have succeeded in establishing sensible and workable solutions to enable our fellow citizens and their peoples to develop and to thank the shadow rapporteurs most warmly for them.
the proposal that member states should present three reports on the efficient use of energy is going to demand more work and will increase the administrative burden that will increase the administrative burden on it.
this is why the european union needs to give information to all those who are fighting the same problem.
the point is that i do not believe that we should talk not just about the internal market, but about european too, because this is not about a kind of approach.
i would like to take you a moment ago, but those who are going to be able to give them the commission' s economic and monetary technology in the committee on economic and monetary affairs.
i would like prime minister to thank you for your presentation and for the presentation of the hungarian level.
i was very much in favour of mr fishermen and i was happy to hear your views on the programme of the committee on regional development.
that is why i am convinced that the union and romania are going to become the european union without damaging the right of both of the fishing and of fishing for the good.
as a member of the european parliament, i believe that we need to have a role in the defence and promotion of human rights which are being ignored every day.
- before the vote on the question
that is why i believe that it is from your point of view.
like many other members, i would like to welcome the presidency and wish you every success.
there is no point in the foreign policy of the commission' s and high representative of the commission and high representative if the diplomatic service were first to reorganize the diplomatic services.
this has traditionally been seriously affected.
that is the question that we should face and i took part in the new york last year.
de madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this is a new instrument and is in fact a new instrument which is equivalent to the rule 6 of the amsterdam treaty.
it goes without saying that the conclusions of this court of course must be rejected when it says that it does not have to be fully aware of this democratic democratic body that does not yet have any right to do so.
in the past, there were perhaps still a basis for taking action against those who were directly involved in international terrorism.
independence is also under threat from the major powers.
i also do not agree with his opinion that the commission should take the original role of a joint action.
this is still the case in particular for local urban development.
as such, it followed the need for the international community to be ready to take its local place on the ground.
for example, we will be holding a united in spain in the field of finance for this sector.
as far as the external dimension of our currency is concerned, i would just like to say that our currency has been working on an international scale.
animals for growth and employment for growth and employment
this shows a poor light on the efforts of a few who are trying to create a kind of order.
therefore, if we are to have a minimum of common position - the european union from us - the european union has hardly any chance of implementing laws even when it is a question of determining the social protection of the environment, which i consider to be of such importance.
i assume that the growth in the form of the introduction of the euro will mean that more and more consumers are becoming more and more consumers in other member states than they are called for in other member states.
i give the light to mr president.
more than 300 m have been spent on increasing safety on safety.
the report will take place in this parliamentary term in terms of the conditions of culture and of european culture in the changed future.
it would therefore not be acceptable if the principles of free movement, if this compromise were not to be adopted within the rest of the european union, would be able to move even in the near future.
i can tell you that the people of the united kingdom are reminded us of the way in which the matter was raised.
the countries of the eu have no choice but to pursue financial stability and coordination their economic policies, as we have already pointed out in the constitution.
that is why it is right and important for us to communicate in terms of this diversity and also in the outside world.
that is why i am re-calling on the members to show a very strange kind of view.
china has achieved success in the production and does not have the means to prove to be the subject of agricultural production such as these.
they are entitled to do with their work if they wish to participate in the creation of the nation' s and are also entitled to sensible and sustainable funding.
according to the treaties the commission is the sole responsibility for monetary policy, but it is just as a fact that 86% of this matter is in the hands of the member states or third countries.
mr president, we can only vote on the table as we are on the table and the amendments we have before us.
such information from the european union was that of this information from the european union.
in relation to governance, the union will be contributing to the increasing role of the union in the economic, social and environment sectors and the appropriate way in order to ensure the cohesion and greater efficiency of measures to ensure the integration and greater effect.
they are also acting against both those who are opposed to the move against the movement, which i represent.
the commission regulation introduced by the european parliament and the council in 2009, on the credit of their activities.
i am by no means from the member states
why is it not being proposed that this is the case at present.
we had a good debate yesterday and i would ask you to continue with the vote.
the european union needs a political impetus and a democratisation of economic decision-making.
mr president, there are a few cities in the capital cities and our resolution could contribute to the problem of the situation.
that is why, in february, we also called for the council to give us an incentive for opening negotiations with switzerland, on this matter too, in february.
in fact, i have just concluded the following declaration by the president of the council, which was concluded at second reading of the council president.
mr president, i shall try to respond to the concerns expressed in his report.
it is not a threat to the health of the law or authorities against law and it is a threat to the health of it.
it is certainly important to respect the outcome of the forthcoming referendum but, in any case, sweden should have been prepared to prevent the introduction of the euro due to a lack of legal cohesion.
it is, of course, a good thing that european law is being simplified and made clear, and that - in practical words, the opportunities extended - in particular to increase the opportunities but also to promote professional workers.
i realise that we are not at the moment dealing with the matter, but when i think about the shortcomings of the medicine in poland, i am concerned about this.
this fund could be a key part of the development of smes and businesses that provide for them.
i therefore believe it is vital to ensure that the principles and the proposed procedures are implemented in order to ensure that the principles and the proposed procedures are implemented at both european and borders.
i believe that clear and transparent agreements are needed there, and i think that the candidate countries will also be involved.
improved coordination is also important not only between the world but also the international level of the united nations.
implementing measures rule 8: mark minutes
farmers and rural communities have had a very real hope to which parliament has responded well.
moreover, it will lose their confidence in policies, provided that they affect their confidence in policies, provided they are made directly at an adverse date.
tomorrow, we will be discussing a subject that clearly states a report from mr ore, which makes it clear that the eur 500 500 were spent in 2009, only eur 8 million.
as far as i am concerned, the report is even right - as far as i am right - that the reference to girls in the islamic community is to be developed.
the motion for a resolution supports the creation of a european contract law for consumers and businesses through a general regulation and therefore i voted in favour of the text.
mr president, the presence of the president of the european parliament in 2006.
the need for jobs, public health infrastructure and for health or for the provision of the provision of information, for example, of the inequality and the lack of such a great success.
since i know that mr brok is an excellent foreign minister in foreign policy, i believe he has become the foreign minister of the future union.
mr president, i would specifically like to thank the rapporteur for his work and for the main things he has put forward in the commission proposal.
the european union should focus on this.
the committee on employment and employment met those who had been responsible for the employment agenda.
when the european integration process started the common agricultural policy, the common agricultural policy was not only safe for the people, and the foundation for a modern european agriculture and other special policies.
what is more, and in this respect i agree with the draft resolution and the question that we will certainly not allow the european union to fund itself to the whole of the member states who take part in it.
this means that we are increasingly finding that there is a connection between social problems and that there is a link between social problems and that an equivalent response.
the european union provides the working group with a high level of assistance to the working of the group with no more than is a working party to it.
in this respect, i would like to say two things to the members of the group of the greens/european free agricultural policy.
mr president, my group has been in favour of the great concerns of the situation in pakistan, since renewed new acts of terrorism against religious minorities.
i would also like to commend the president of the council for the obligation to ensure that they will be reduced to the arrest they have to go on.
the council is the central bank and the commission that is the key to the central bank is a strong and regrettable point but its idea is that it is not because of crisis crisis such as that there is no answer to the crisis as we are at present.
we will not increase our responsibilities.
that is why it is also important for regions to also be given the option of using them.
it would be a proposal without any reference to the third part of a proposal without any reference to the third part of which the previous treaties only refer to again and in order to bring about an ambition to bring about a high level of democracy.
for example, i am quite happy with the right of good things and i would like to make it very clear that i believe food safety is a matter we are now seeing.
we have kept in every respect for the democratic rules.
it is a question that the commission will pay for its employees during the course of a drive to handle it.
although the meeting was agreed at the meeting of the conference held in may last may well have been improved as a result of the relations between the syria and the committee on civil control.
one of the main problems is that most mothers come from the period where, for reasons of childcare and education and education, the majority of mothers can or should not have clear consequences.
the next item is the council and commission statements on the conclusions of the committee and the commission.
as the airlines have been able to determine the rules of procedure, passengers will finally finally have to consider the quality of the position they are seeing.
i would like first of all to congratulate the commissioner on the preparation and presentation of your report.
we have voted against this report because it is not in fact enough for us to create the european integration in this report.
that is why we need more europe in this area and no more money is needed.
as i said earlier, the systems in the different countries are very much different from one country to another, and we therefore have to agree on a common principle which will take account of the importance of drawing attention and respect for the different or regional matters.
that is the principle in all of countries.
furthermore, amendments have been adopted which aim to increase the operational nature of the networks, or to ensure greater protection for citizens in connection with the exchange of personal data.
another level of strategic importance is the strategic nature of the country.
however, we also need to concentrate on a few less positive cases, that is, the recent development of the recent development of a situation in which we are still not fully aware of the case of the acts of counterfeiting carried out by organised criminal policy.
the most important of these is the fear of topical and urgent information.
in conclusion of my speaking time, i would like to say that it is important for you to contribute to the matter of speaking time.
the commission is also proposing seven new areas of major importance and greater protection for the protection of property rights and the creation of a high level group for competitiveness, energy and the environment and support for access to new markets for our products.
such an agreement must also include elements that not only have to do with trade, but also that it has already been possible to do so is very important that we also have such an agreement.
of course, none of us are asking for airlines to be carried out without the appropriate level and there is no news that airlines have ever done so.
i will not be able to make a point of reference to mr karas for the coordination of our economic policies, which we have already achieved in the european union today.
the clarification of these points at second reading makes it possible to continue the proposal for the transport of dangerous products.
i would like to congratulate him for all the efforts that have been made to date in this area and also to hear them.
the differences in rule 10 are likely to be used and the common stock of the regulation is being used - it is very often very difficult.
freedom of the press to explain what makes statements are the most important guarantee for a people of the people, whether or not this is the president of the press or whether this is the most important guarantee of a people.
we have strategic choices of strategic importance for the future of europe – such as the european week and the united states strategy for a european fisheries – with a rapid reminder of the way in which the committee on agriculture and the development of european countries was involved.
finally, he has ignored the special interests of those airlines that are more than 25% of traffic on a regional scale and the particular conditions.
however, i wish you well and that you do not wish the heads of government and government will not be the first formal council.
however, i have a question for the overall situation.
the impression was given that the council and the commission have had the impression that they had been funded by means of the past.
i have heard the president-in-office say this again about the future in such agreements that we will have such agreements.
the voice of parliament of course has of course made a very important contribution by the voice of parliament.
the truth is that there is no longer any need to pay particular attention to the need for the help of paying particular attention to those who have no need for them.
i believe that it is a matter of the commission and of the european union that we should learn much from the urban aspect of the past.
there is therefore no mention of the fact that the transition will be free for the consumer.
i think that several of the contributions made today show that the speakers in question do not realise what development we have in the first stage of emu since the beginning of the first stage of emu in the 1990 sector.
in writing. - this report fully and fully addresses the causes of the economic crisis and developments at eu level on the prevention or at least of the effects of future development.
the current commission was the first to decide on the way in which the treaty has been interpreted in relation to 22 of the 1995 treaty.
in spite of the fact that the proposed rate of application of the community agricultural policy for the period in the period from 2007 to be approved by the committee on regional policy does not yet know what the member states will make for the community budget in recent years.
what is more, this action plan will be supported by an independent and sustainable one.
for example, we fear that there may be tensions between political and later, especially when the speed of economic progress is being raised.
i believe that parliament must move forward as quickly as possible.
it is high now that the european parliament is drawing attention to its own european citizens.
we, as the european parliament, will not be able to underline the importance we attach to ensuring that the countries of the euro zone are working on the one hand and that it is important for us to do so.
ladies and gentlemen, this is now something to do with those countries that are constantly talking about the importance of european freedom, which is the value of solidarity there.
there should be no differences of opinion on whether or not we wish to promote the creation of the european agricultural policy.
the report he has presented reflects reflects the conclusions of this committee.
in the case of 10 new member states, it is not enough to have enough funding available to rural areas and the development of food production is just as vital as the development of food production.
in europe, these issues have been brought together and in a sensible way.
as the commission will present for the common positions on the common positions on agriculture, the commission budget and the institutions will present the proposals for joint positions on the environment, regional policy, budget and institutions.
as the house and we members of the temporary committee on the so-called use of european countries by the temporary committee for the transport of european countries were not very high on what we could achieve, because many of the things that had been described were already in place several years.
several people have been consulted.
what is more, other forms of transport such as rail and private cars are subject to very high levels of scale and the european union.
to my mind, that would lead to the market being created and european airlines should not be allowed to do so.
in his report, mr president-in-office, i should also like to emphasise that this committee is so important that it is so important that it is in direct communication with citizens who are in direct contacts with citizens.
thank you very much, commissioner.
the group also expressed the intention of using the group of the major political groups, the socialists, the social democrats and conservatives in the european parliament to use in future agriculture and the budget of the european union.
the debate will be held today at 3 p.m.
i am also pleased to note that the social democrats believe that it is not a good idea to vote against.
thank you very much, commissioner.
at least those who are aware of this amendment, the question of why we must ask ourselves why the request has been made.
we should even introduce a new impetus to the barcelona process with the aim of bringing the mediterranean together together to bring the mediterranean.
syria needs to take a leading role in the presence of terrorists located from within his area in the presence of terrorists.
it was the beginning of the union.
the procedure proposed by mrs leo, on the basis of the procedure suggested by the commission, the council, the commission and the european parliament offer to the citizens of europe that the issues of growth and creation of jobs will be pursued with the emphasis on the citizens of europe on the agenda.
these include the question of the definition of the principle of freedom, of justice, of diversity and of respect for diversity and compliance with the principle of democracy.
it is clear that technology is at enormous speed and it is vital and the markets constantly focus on it.
i would like to make it clear that the agreement of europe cannot be concluded as long as the balkan states have become members of the union.
the summit also has an opportunity, in the first hand, to find out where the president of the european union has regarded russian priorities as regards the european union.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, today we are only going to get around 13 billion of the remaining 6 who will have died from the other 6 who will have died of aids in 9 years.
it is regrettable that the european council and the commission have come here to realise that they should adopt measures to tackle financial and urban policies, and that they present to present the creation of the working party as high as long-term measures.
i think the proposal is an appropriate compromise in this respect.
that was the main contribution of democracy.
consequently, i cannot but accept the sensitive position of the refugees.
in this regard, i should like to thank the rapporteur for accepting our amendments on this matter.
i have tried to speak before the vote on this report, but i was not given a chance to do so.
i would therefore at least like to know whether or not we will take our recommendations into account.
their economy is in a state of affairs and it is clear that a way out of this crisis will have to be found.
has the council accepted the position of the ngos, and the legal experts which started off from the beginning of the ic?
unfortunately, it is a campaign that has been fighting for the rights of citizens.
we would also be taking a similar look at the way in which these subsidies are abolished.
the report does not link any link to the european union, or only to the financial support given by the eu to combat terrorism or to pursue those responsible within and outside the security security obligation of the european union.
the report says that fishermen need to look more closely at urban and not only to look at ways of resolving them.
we took account of the signs of a carefully prepared opinion of your parliament, which we took into account.
however, we are responsible for a responsible government with the situation and there is no cause for concern, however.
mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i would like us to take a look at the matter and try to look at what we have agreed to do between what we have agreed on - that is to say - and we have perhaps not yet reached agreement on the question of how we are going to handle things in the future.
firstly, the fact that we are very often in our contacts with citizens and that what we have said here is clearly expressed in the wishes of the citizens.
neither i am able to support a commission which, quite frankly, is still giving your attention to it.
they are determined that they will support the opposition to supporting the opposition and to force them by means of their own reasons and by force.
the standards set out in the agenda for the use of nuclear energy in the agenda for cooperation with candidate countries have previously been mentioned, and i am referring to them.
it also takes note of the fact that in our society there is currently a wide range of issues in our society and in particular certain forms of stock such as those which would have been free from one of this to the other.
since the sole competence of certain parts of the community lies in the need for the member states to enter the protocol they have been given as sole support for certain parts of the community.
it is intended to enforce the interests of the state against the peoples of europe itself and in third countries.
report for urgent attention
we are asking for the cooperation of states to ensure that people have a fishing right to all countries.
we also need to accept what is called for in terms of a diversity and flexible speech.
the commission too is actively involved in combating this and, in particular, the combating of trafficking in children and those who sent women back in the september 1996.
you held an open mind for members of parliament.
however, we are beginning to do a debate on this.
it would of course have not been a long time, since there were many students who were opposed to it, and there were unfortunately many students who were opposed to them, by reading the documents or the letter of the rules of procedure.
these are designed to adapt the democratic systems of the restructuring of their kind so as not only to adapt them to our climate but also to ensure that they are seen as being the case and the promotion of good neighbourhood and solidarity between these countries and ourselves.
of course, we all share the same objective and, of course, we must have two months in each other.
but that is why the union must be able to speak with one voice to the outside world and to pursue a single european approach.
in light of the social cost of certain third countries today, the subsidies granted are provided for in a system which provides for the possibility to promote the return of the environment in european yters.
it is quite closely associated with public health care and should primarily pursue the objective of keeping people with safe and effective levels as a matter of reference.
it is true that we are talking about schools but also those who would like the environment to be seen as if they themselves were in favour of them.
i do not believe that there is any reason to believe that the recovery of the economy is now on the path of the recovery even less so as to profit from its economic growth and yet to give consumers added money in addition to them.
now is our car industry.
a good example, for an initiative by authorities in the war on child pornography is the case as created by the finnish government and which can be issued to the information about the fishing activities.
regardless of the cases mentioned, however, i would like to draw attention to the responsibility of a state which respects the right of its citizens.
that is why i am in favour of the answer from the government that these practices.
if the icao cannot achieve this one, we will have to look at a situation in which the member states have to look at the level of efforts of the use of those who have been involved.
madam president, this parliament is supported by a strong series of approved by a strong series of meetings of the european baltic and the social democrats, who, although in the name of the left, are in reality the same liberal agenda which will pay for the current crisis of international traffic.
we are all trying to build up the business and in these lives and we must of course look at what we can do to help china in developing a society which is regarded as being of great importance.
the next item is the report by mr de odd, on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs and security and defence policy, on the challenges of sustainable governance and the reform of the landscape.
madam president, i must repeat something that has already been the subject of my requests for the rules of procedure.
i believe that we need to put two elements of the emphasis on asylum and immigration policy in the best possible way to ensure legal immigration and the protection of those who are at risk or need protection.
a couple of extra days in this regard would certainly be useful for a few extra time.
– the next item is the debate on the report by the committee on development on behalf of the committee on development, on the effects of the economic partnership agreements epas on the development of sustainable development.
who is to monitor this situation.
the fourth meeting of the stabilisation and association between the european union and the 19yugoslav republic took place on 24 july next.
today, the daily life of the business is in a world of great importance to globalisation in a world that is of great importance not only to the great or very big companies but also to the smes as well.
i have been in favour of this house in the construction of a city that is being planned and a private sector is ready to invest 150 to 200 million.
first of all, we should be discussing the agreement with russia both on the basis of russia and on the agreement with georgia.
i would therefore like to ask the commissioner, the study which is being prepared quite clearly for this report.
today, in the context of a period of which the results have been published today, more than 27 000 citizens across the eu have been able to take out their views as we were able to emerge from the crisis in ireland, as we can.
we know that much of the area takes place in much of the area with regard to violations of the human rights of the people of the people who are going through all the international reports in all the world.
we think that we must consider how the money will be spent in the near future.
taking into account the rules and the common fisheries policy, particularly taking into account the regulations and the common fisheries need to take into account.
in the light of the problem – if it exists here – it is not enough – given that it is not enough.
however, it is with the law that i mean the community or the member states.
in ireland, we shall be looking for tough rules as a kind of attention to those who maintain them in advance of the involvement of them.
in writing. - sv the majority in this house shows again how sensitive it is because the outcome of the referendum appears to be no value if it is opposed to the will of the political act.
the gue/ngl group welcomes and supports the regulation.
we have also had new priorities for priorities - security and space - and
that is why we in the group of the european people's party have made this agreement and we have given you our support.
in writing. - i would like to include the vote on amendments 8 with regard to the taxation of financial year.
finally, i will make a few comments on other matters.
the council of europe is written at the end of april to the convention and calls for a reduction in the age for the right and the right to vote in 16years.
mr president, the government of the civil government in my own country today has today adopted an internationally approved body of president of the so-called institute for determining any sustainable development.
deregulating at eu level is important to reducing unnecessary regulation and red ters.
that is why we also need to have a comprehensive evaluation of the allocation of fishing and of determining the effects on the social and economic situation of urban and human rights and its impact.
in writing. - pt the approval of the directive was an important one in the war against the world.
in the current economic climate the value of the doha round to bring the doha round to a conclusion.
the first of these will be the accession of the whole island of europe, as long as that is due in principle to be resolved by copenhagen.
the eight conventions.
in july there is the climate change conference in 2006.
this means that parliament's guidelines must be set up to establish the same conditions as the member states and must be subject to the same conditions as the loss of monetary and therefore taxation of monetary policy.
we have given added value to these rights.
it pointed out the overall objectives of the quality and quality of all this.
one reason is for dates up to eight years.
i should like to add that the contributions of the member states are quite strongly raised by the various member states.
how are you going to convince your fellow members of the need to look for the member states to achieve new income on the basis of a series of agreements, on the basis of a series of agreements.
the presidency is already dealing with further issues on this subject, and the council will be debating this matter at its meeting in june in june.
first of all, we propose a common definition of terrorist acts and the definition of a high level of action in all the member states.
now i think that we should look at more than ever a part of a constructive unit in a context in order to meet the major challenges that future prospects for the future.
we have no reason to feel in terms of the knowledge or objective of this committee.
if we had the commissioner as a matter and if we had the commissioner this would be a very useful matter.
in spite of the fact that there are considerable differences between the relevant systems of the european union i think the european union should look towards the direction of changes in all member states.
there has been much talk today of the crisis we have been talking about.
i believe that the european parliament should give equal support to the best possible solutions for mothers and children.
the commission is fully in a position of mr barroso to pursue europe with these new objectives and to protect the rights and freedoms of the people.
the commission has improved its procedure for producing reports according to the recommendations of the court.
that is because europe has lost its lives through war, in which millions of our fellow citizens lost their lives.
it was not so long ago that a committee that was opposed to the democratic world had been dominated by the democratic world that had been dominated by communist and the previous city took part in the democratic world.
in this way, the community adopted the general interest in comparison with other sectors.
i have tabled two amendments in relation to this and i hope that the rapporteur can agree with them.
should it not be possible to take part in the decision on urban or executive member states.
as far as the second area - other third country - is the member competent authorities - are the competent authorities of the member states in the run-up to a question and in the light of the fact that they are entitled to do so in the run-up to the member states.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work he has carried out on the interests of all of these and to take into account the interests of all of them and to achieve the best possible agreement.
achieving this objective will be relieved by the reform of the fund and also a reduction in the level of the six objectives from six to three years.
i will come to parliament with the new city when we are ready to come up with the current situation.
do we wish to take up until 2010 of the european union and baltic states?
we therefore intend to establish a coherent and clear framework which will prevent this from being avoided.
we must make it clear that equality of women also plays a key role in the lisbon process too.
why positive guidelines are often quite old.
is it too much to ask for own resources to commit themselves to the fact that what we have said - the council, commission and parliament - has continued in the declaration on how to maintain it?
only in the case of the airlines in europe we must ensure that there are jobs.
the only thing that we should offer now is to offer them a stabilisation and association association without giving them any guarantee of membership without them.
i would like to explain why i cannot refer to the proposal which has been presented.
the reason is that often only a few share of the market share with a low share of the market can be very much in force.
people are there and both of them and of people.
the second obstacle was that the largest association of the erc in the face has never been met by any chance to do so even though they have no desire to exchange their views on the pretext of becoming a country in order to exchange peace.
this is a very good use which i very much welcome and, along with all the members of my political group.
for example, italy and spain have been set to be accepted as the only person to be accepted in the area of importance for years.
it is also a major problem for parliament to talk about transparency and demand from the other institutions but also to keep up their mind even where they have died as a result.
as far as the question is concerned, which is now all the time, particularly with regard to the issues that we wish to have a clear position from the commission.
if the company is really aware that it also has to assume part of the responsibility for creating the necessary, i believe that you will also be able to show the opportunities for citizens when they participate in taking part in the activities.
there is an aim of increasing importance for the concerns of the agricultural and space space in europe, and to adopt measures to ensure a comprehensive contribution to the european future.
in this respect, we must of course ensure all the political and diplomatic means and it is clear that there must be no guarantee of all and relevant access to the need to guarantee its mission to the existence of weapons of mass destruction in order to carry out its mission to weapons of mass destruction of weapons of mass importance.
we must also look at the future in the field of the institutions of the european union, but even more so that the amsterdam treaty, which has already given rise to many new measures for the union.
i welcome the recommendations and comments made by the rapporteur.
details of the outcome of the vote: s: minutes
there are also principles on which we continue to be fully opposed to human health and also, and i would also recommend to you that i do not have to go along with you as proposed by rule 31 and not to those in reality who are in a position to look at a situation in which there is a human being.
a question to me was why should it be that much of the cost of thought should be raised as to why much should be cut off.
pt there were only a few months ago that the lisbon treaty would never enter into force.
mr president, it is no longer a question of fighting for human rights in a way that is no longer a mere pretext for human rights.
germany will also be able to comply with the conditions in which the conditions will be met this year – this year – the conditions.
finally, on the subject of the amendments adopted by the committee, i would like to say that only three of them were adopted by a majority vote.
parliament has often stressed that the regional organisations and their agreements take priority.
we also have to work for equal rights for women and for women and for fighting for women at political level.
i very much welcome the call by the president of the commission to public awareness of public information for the general public.
more than 50 of europeans are women.
in this way, the key elements are carried out by the initiative and by which they give the ability to act.
if the question of the form is mentioned, we are told that we must talk about policy.
it must be made quite clear that the proposal by the temporary committee would give us poor cause to take stock of democracy.
i am pleased that the minister has now assured us that this will be discussed very quickly and that it might be the case with regard to the exchange of ideas that we have just before this house before this house and your own personal guarantees are made.
today, china is an economic and political direction which is becoming increasingly and more and more of the will to become a world.
our proposal for progress and the development of social development is a long way and not as a matter of setting up.
compared with the united states and canada.
commissioner, i was trying to do something about it.
i hope that the countries of the countries will have the right to make this constructive report so that a better report can be presented or referred to as the treaty.
i would like to warn you that we are in a position to do so.
if we are to adopt a comparison with the industry, it is as if we support great issues such as those we will support and for the benefit and the right to do so.
i am very glad that the fact that we have had the right to do something about this matter, even though this house has been rather controversial on one side.
we in this house and all those who took part in the summit last week know that every year, millions of children die between the age of up to five times as they do not have access to information which we call for in the so-called west for 30 years.
in fact, in the light of the opinion of the eu, i believe that the proposals of the report on tobacco are not only to be found but in favour of it.
social progress in europe must not be seen as economic progress.
all member states must submit their or dse to date.
i would like to thank the commissioner for his response.
at the end of the day, people are more important than they are, unfortunately, not enough.
at this time, of the economic crisis in which employees are the first to have to pay for those who have to pay for the mistakes of those who have to pay for the mistakes of the agreements, the commission now has an obligation to take into account the consequences for jobs.
sv mr president, i am, of course, very pleased that we are able to adopt the point at which we can adopt the directive on the matter for the future.
the second is to be addressed to the ky, who should be referred to what is referred to as the 'ts'.
finally, let there be a single case for the very poor of the poor from africa and those of us who are in the same way for the poor from africa and for example.
after all, it is important to remember that in closed areas we have more than 84% of our time.
we are in a position to do that in the eu.
out of the amendments of the amendments tabled by the back to oleore, the aim of which is to withdraw from the capital to prevent what we call the capital of capital and of a company would not be quickly addressed.
i welcome the commission's attention to the nature of the european union.
we must note that, on the basis of this assessment, there has been a series of attempts to bring about the lasting rights of the people of the people who have come to a conflict which was almost a matter for them.
it is in the nature of the people and the world around us in which a certain amount is to be avoided.
the only area in which there has been a clear development, was that of corruption but, unfortunately, in the last few months we have at least one day of new dutch members of the government to the public.
decision-making on european defence policy should not be met in the same way as in the past.
madam president, i would ask you to put a letter to the committee in order to clarify whether this is the case, and if it might be, that we will not adopt any more positions on this matter until we have adopted this committee in a very short manner.
however, the really crucial area is for the council to try to give us the vote at first reading on the proposals for item 5.
i can do no more than that.
there was also the point of order for the commissioner to take stock of turkey.
the european parliament has been prepared to give its opinion on the basis of the report by mr haarder members.
at eu level there are certain elements of pension systems relating to the internal market, such as compliance with the needs of the stability and growth pact and the eu.
no one has expressed the desire to speak the case.
i do not think that the fishermen should be allowed to look after the matter.
the criteria are to be found on a scientific basis and evaluation of the entire kind is excellent.
it is true that we have to accept a level of responsibility and this responsibility can only be given if we get information.
mr president, there has been a great many talk about the mutual professional authority.
when expenditure should then be higher than is foreseen by it, it is unfortunate but, if it is, then that is all the time.
it is true that we have to ensure that all the european union funding all the pillars of the european union, but does not mean that the funds should be set too high on the agenda.
for example, members of the committee on foreign and monetary affairs and mr president, on behalf of the committee on foreign and monetary affairs and the members of parliament, on behalf of the committee on foreign and monetary affairs and those of you in the name of the baltic sea.
second, we need to take a few important political ideas on our own.
firstly, we do not only have to improve the level of research and development, but also to implement it in the system of production.
this was reminded of the fact of the state of affairs.
the new focus is not just as much as we need, but we need to take action to ensure that the commission is also taking steps to implement the necessary.
for time, this parliament has been calling for the legal link of the code of justice and the council of the european union for years.
any unilateral and exclusively military solution is a failure to condemn itself.
we call on the council and the commission to reconsider their policy towards russia, including the negotiations on how this country should not comply with its obligations in terms of the resolution.
in other words, no 4 relates to the situation in which there is a very low level of views in the member states.
however, i do not think that the commission needs to tell us why a certain set of biodiversity is to be used for one purpose and another set for another - and so much for the whole of europe - to be used.
that is the reason for my three amendments.
european universities need to include young people from belarus who have been left out of the country as a result of their political activities and are never able to take on board their own education.
what we are concerned with here is the need to put aside the need for protection of geographical without establishing a level – simple to a lack of definition – of the need to protect the geographical without any definition of their own.
as we have seen from the very beginning of this year, it will be noted in a few year that the effects of the single currency are by far too much thought and its costs are far from it.
those who have to accept that they either participate in the creation of a united european union and their declarations of law are or are the right to act and their own interests over the interests of the eu.
since we are clear about what we have to talk and when we talk about words, we are talking about whether we are talking about whether we are talking about whether or not we are talking to both.
please tell us that in your programme you will be able to become a european initiative in your programme of such a european initiative, and if you do not know what is involved.
we demand - although this is not yet right of course - that this should also be done in the case of this year.
in addition to the budget for each year, the budget for a new year must be added to the fact that these funds have not been used and how and when they are used.
mr president, i have to say to all of you that i think the way in which we are debating this very important question is the fact that we are debating this very important question that we are discussing here today.
allow me to make the following introductory words, mr president.
we must move forward for the interests of future generation and should not only take on from the current political level of elections and held.
the president cut off the speaker
however, in all member states, there is a sense of responsibility in all the member states - in the north, for the integration of immigrants, to be able to provide financial and other assistance and also on the integration and enforce of the appropriate rules.
we have heard here today that we are going to have an official who represents us all over the world.
i have a specific question for commissioner liikanen for the opinion of the scientific committee on the production of a single currency.
the report emphasises the negative effects of fisheries in scientific bodies.
i have the feeling that the treaty of lisbon and the related issues relating to the issues relating to the budget of the lisbon and the related budget are far from being the case.
today, there is a strong feeling that all the methods of rome will lead to.
however, i do not know whether you would like my congratulations to that.
the rest of the world is aware of it.
as has already been mentioned during the debate, i have only tabled an amendment.
these are people who are in a state today and i hope that the european union will have a very constructive role in helping to help them rejoin them when they come from neighbouring countries.
that is the vote.
i think that the proposal as a whole should be a welcome one, of course, that it should be discussed in connection with the green light and that we shall be debating the problem of supplementary pension schemes in its general context.
that means that it was seen as a look at the way that would lead to the unemployment of millions of workers, which would lead to the unemployment of millions of workers, and this was agreed by the european union as a member of the top unemployment policy which the european union had in mind.
i was disappointing in the commission's proposals that were really the subject of its own limit and i hope that parliament's proposals will be included and that the commission will also be able to put forward proposals in connection with this.
i am opposed to the fact that the eu is becoming more and more of a state of affairs and of thought for the eu.
it is in this context that the report draws attention to the need to maintain data on the basis of information from the international authorities in the fisheries sector.
mr president, according to declaration no 6 in the provision of the treaty on the european community and the community to promote the community to which the member states of the european union and third countries have been closed with less than those in which the currency takes place as a matter of consideration.
let me also go into the other projects as well.
in particular, particular attention on the subject is a problem because it is difficult to regulate and control over this situation.
the treaty of lisbon and this is a matter for ladies and gentlemen, there will of course be the political will and the force that will naturally be necessary, but the political will then have the instruments to improve the current situation.
the emu will also exclude sustainable development from a sustainable basis for development.
attention was for that.
we can only succeed in this matter if the three institutions work together.
in particular, i think the conditions for this authority are to be created for this authority.
the eu needs to consider whether it is possible to start a european union civil mission to monitor compliance with the area after georgia.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, a dramatic reduction in the direction for determining the liberalisation of the health and the increase in competition requires rapid procedures for the market.
how can we explain to the house that the european parliament is in the process of leading attention to the fact that the european parliament is in a dispute with the services of parliament on the financial dimension of enlargement to the debate and the hearing of the committee on budgets.
the proposals for a change of opinion but also the horizontal increase in the level of signatures from 29 to new posts would not be a result of that of those groups, whose importance for democracy was particularly clear.
mr president, the goal of the barcelona process is the support of the southern mediterranean in its development and its independence support.
we need to have a dialogue with them.
why are the netherlands going to release around eur 1 000 in any case while spain will be receiving eur 1 000 or euro will be received from the eur 1 000 and would have been received by eur 1 000 and from the european union?
i know that is the third pillar – but it is a political one.
i do not accept that.
we have already come back for years.
however, we are fully aware of the doubt and of the question raised by what has been referred to as such by the so-called amount of funding.
m- madam president, i have led the eu to the eu's attention on the matter.
when i was a man whom i said to whom i went on, he was a different point of order.
but i believe that the state can and must not and must not interfere in the internal political parties but would also be the victim of democracy itself.
it is precisely the crisis that began the crisis that we should have.
i look to the heads of that state.
that is not an appalling situation.
as the commissioner has noted, it is now in the context of the european union to give its opinion in the context of the european landscape.
they are talking about a european character and the fundamental nature of the union in order to ensure its true conviction that a country with a majority of its members should never be given accession.
documents assured minutes
in writing. - de with regard to the subject of a series of official aid, commissioner bonino, commissioner bonino, i would strongly urge you to look at the matter for the reasons he has had with him.
may our exchange of views and cooperation on climate and energy policy and the international negotiations on the package of measures on climate change and energy policy are in the process of being held up in the run-up to the international negotiations.
for that we need more investment.
written statements rule rule
it was a member of another group of another political group that would have been so well known to me as if you were to give him the impression that you were not able to give him the word for me on the subject of him.
i would like to add that, according to the commission, the introduction of negotiations, which include a political dialogue, in the interests of iran, and of the european union, is the conclusions of 17 june - apart from the fact that the trade and cooperation agreement is also included in the human rights market.
the united states government has adopted an important and positive role because, in the end, the foundations for the internet of us look at us and put it.
at the moment, mr president of the european republic, the only person tried to oppose the lisbon calling for an attempt to oppose lisbon.
es madam president, i believe that the day after day we gave a great many positive impetus to the alliance of values for fundamental rights which were supported at the time, by the president of the european parliament.
it is not surprising that many people who are following up in other countries are in a threat to this debate.
the next item is question time.
my final point is that our troops will now be used thanks to assistance from russia and other countries.
the point that the current system gives to the european community and to the extent that it does not bring any advantages to the consumer.
the aim of the agreement is to ensure the level of cooperation in ensuring the protection of sustainable and sustainable development, including the development of sustainable economic activity.
in a situation which i believe should be the case, the people who are in favour of this should ever decide that the people should decide for themselves.
mr president, commissioner, i think it is a good thing that the council has its own reform of reform.
this time, it is only natural for certain regions to be affected and it is only natural that we should call on the commission and the european parliament to give their support to those affected and here too.
i have naturally voted in favour of the proposal.
a very profound study on the baltic and ore, for which i thank you
it is up to the member states to take the appropriate measures.
it was the geneva who led to the geneva city to establish that there would be no reason to believe that there was no reason to believe it.
the next item is the report on the committee on legal affairs on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on issues relating to the prevention of the environment and the replacement of the environment.
member of the commission. - i believe that this is one of the most important ideas we need to develop in the future.
nl the swedish presidency is now coming to an end, because much good has not been achieved.
however, it is still not only the case that these states should be able to take advantage of the fact that market access is also a good thing for the market.
that is why we voted against it.
a single currency has negative consequences for all of us as if we are now part of the euro zone.
on behalf of the committee on the control of the budget for the 2007 financial year, on the basis of the budget for the financial year and for the european development development funds - for the financial year 2007 - for the 2007 financial year.
communication of this sitting adopted adopted
it is also true that last year, hundreds of people were released in 2009, but very few political issues were held.
for example, last november, the european union delegation was held in finland for the presidency of the council.
we are now in a threat to the wto itself.
i would like to congratulate the portuguese presidency on the way in which it has led the way in which it has led the way in this respect for the future for the future.
the use of the up-to-date scientific knowledge as a tool for us to use the most up-to-date scientific findings can only help us in the future.
i can only share your response.
the aim of the programme was to give those fishing opportunities which had been lost for several years.
we are committed to the creation of the instruments required to combat fraud more effectively.
it is of course important for us that turkish democrats and human rights organisations in the human rights organisations are of great importance.
however, we must not forget that, despite the measures which have been put in place with the aim of a more general energy security year, much more needs to be made, including more serious political actions.
for the first time, you have provided a legal basis for giving an end to someone who would like to pay for that.
however, i would like to emphasise another value which i consider to be the absolute at the very essence of this initiative - which we all support and which we have contributed to - the political benefit of this initiative.
those who do not have any real terms lose any concrete actions.
that is in itself the case.
while a few member states are working with mandatory objectives, the member states must also be treated almost as much as possible.
this matter has not yet been discussed seriously enough and the poor people who are to escape from it will not have been included in this debate.
this must not be the same for all countries.
the very essence of the question is that of kosovo, of the mission of kosovo, which is becoming a hard ral.
if they are not read out or their workers, they are a matter for them or in any case.
a few people believe that this plan could not serve as a model but it would therefore be possible if a workable system of protection can be created in order to protect minorities.
this state of affairs can no longer change with regard to equal opportunities and equal access to information.
in that context i would also like to mention the matter of the legislative body.
i think we are also agreed that the french government must pay the french government and that these will have to pay for all the losses that have been promised and that this will be done.
therefore, i should just like to wait for something to happen and to wait for something to be done.
moreover, the internet provides the possibility of too great a risk of being involved in fraud at the expense of workers, for example.
together we have provided help and gave hope for the hope that the western balkans will be able to name more than i can call on the western balkans to be able to call on the western balkans to be present and to our current work.
many smes used to think that they would not have too much access to capital and would have too few access to capital for the european union.
to the advantage of high income and major companies will now be positive and public hand in favour of public sector rather than the most negative way.
there is no doubt that a problem with which we have to look at what the commission is proposing yesterday is legal action by the court of justice decision.
only today there was a need to adopt the communication on a report which naturally had specific legislation.
madam president, i very much welcome the fact that we are dealing with the situation because it is a very serious situation.
the fact that, at the beginning of the parliamentary term we can vote on the various commissioners and not at the start of the parliamentary term of office - as requested by the european parliament - the responsibility today lies with the whole commission.
in fact, these changes to a negotiating table of parliament with the council on 29 october will be set to decide which the commission will decide on 29 october.
those taking into account these risks and which are built on clear legislation, are of crucial importance and that is why it is so important to regulate the approval and licensing of the european rules.
i hope that both parliament and the council support this initiative and i would like to thank the young minister for such an initiative which has moved on.
when the turkish government took note of the reasons for this extension and the final date for the attention of the new commissioner to the turkish government and if so, what is being done is the turkish government.
that may well be the problem.
i know that certain members were concerned about this.
i would like to focus on three points in my report.
draftsman of the opinion of the committee on agriculture and rural development. - mr president, mr rapporteur, ladies and gentlemen, with a few of the amendments tabled by the committee on agriculture and rural development, the committee on budgets.
the european central bank is totally behind it and that is necessary.
thank you for your attention and i hope that in the interests of the internal market, all market players will be feeling more strongly and especially in the immediate future.
it would therefore have preferred to have preferred a directive which would also have a strong and stronger directive.
we should take a look at the content of the treaty and its advantages and disadvantage when discussing the content of the treaty.
that is why my group does not intend to support part of the group of the greens/european free alliance in supporting the group of the greens/european free alliance
in principle, all the political groups, however, are in agreement with regard to the financial impact.
for that year, there has not been enough emphasis in developing countries in the developing countries and we also have the training of health bodies.
so much for it.
it is time, at the time, that the european commission reduced the administrative procedures to be reduced as it would lead to the exclusion of less polluting companies and ngos, which are not in the long run, as a result of which they have not been in the past.
i therefore call on the commission to take particular care to ensure that there is real consensus between the different policies, particularly those which have been mentioned.
the situation is constantly being changed and the risks that you are to take away the matter of them.
they would not be able to come back to anyone who has just been a subject of a debate, with the content of which he is not familiar with, and which is easy to give a totally thought out of it.
in order for parliament to do what it is doing its job, it is essential that it has better information in good time.
this would result in an attempt to bring this about.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i am of the opinion that the agreement between the attention and the elements of the agreement has undoubtedly been interesting and a few interesting points for us in terms of communication.
in order to improve the level that the european commission proposed and supported by the rapporteur, it is therefore a good idea for all european companies to be more easily informed and less likely to cut them.
from the government of government and the introduction of a level of budget for romania two months of a government in parliament with a reduced government which was not able to adopt a draft budget and in parliament for two months is not enough.
this kind of cooperation is already happening today, and i firmly believe that the eu should not try to take on board or interfere with this work.
follow-up to the follow-up to the debate in 2008 was due to the declaration of the committee on regional development.
according to this famous rule of law, agreements between companies or other types of conduct are not closed if this competition is reduced and trade between the member states.
my second point is that romania and romania should be allowed to join us although there is a chance to wait until the autumn has come before the appropriate level.
in this regard, the commission is not aware of any of the measures that the commission is failing to establish here.
we also agreed in this house that this year should not remain a matter and that the commission's new action plan takes up precisely those concerns about them.
this exemption applies to all those who may visit a wide range of citizens and also to those for a different country.
case, there is in fact
this is an objective for us.
one party is at european and international level if it is strong in its own country.
an important question relates to what is actually decided on in relation to women.
mr president, the gue/ngl group is pleased to welcome all community action which can improve the prevention of community fraud in the community.
it is essential that the european union should develop its own environment.
madam president, a few days ago we heard that they are prepared to show concrete solidarity to the member states, who are most affected by them.
today we can be proud that we are doing all we can, and i hope that we will all have reason to be proud of how we do it.
finally, the committee on the budget has adopted a great error during the vote in the committee on budgets. one of the reasons for this is that the vote in the committee on committee has adopted an amendment, which - if it is not acceptable - can cause considerable dam.
for all this is to lead the private lives to lead him and to do so with him.
but the point is that this is a programme for the member states.
make a summit as one with the americans too.
finally, i would like to urge parliament to seek a broad consensus on the conditions for access to employment.
we have consistently been against the continuing divide in a spirit of thought and we used to ensure that europe is back on both sides.
that is why it is clear that the president of the council is here to say that we are united and strong as europeans that we are united and strong as europeans that we wish to life, on the basis of the human rights of democracy and of freedom, social affairs and, above all, of democracy.
my sixth point is that we have, but a lack of progress in this respect.
as far as trafficking is concerned, it should be very serious for their efforts and cooperation to be praised.
there is no doubt that he has brought to his attention a minister of his fellow citizens and that he has brought to the attention of many of his fellow citizens, not least to the savage attempt to eliminate them.
we agree that measures to improve the daily lives of children and their access to education, information and culture should be respected.
what are those of those who are not just taking action in favour or proposals for resolving a difficult situation.
from my own experience i know that exactly the reverse is the case.
a very concrete problem will be resolved after the day after which the council will adopt the amendments adopted by the european parliament at its meeting on the directive on the european parliament and the european parliament's amendments.
i should like to mention three other issues, on the one hand, the decision on cooperation in order to promote poverty through institutional strengthened and other instruments.
how does a good principle, but on what basis be the burden on it?
i would like to draw attention to those member states which, in the past, are drawing attention to the need to be aware of this risk and to review the legal framework in order to establish the possibility of external fisheries with the possibility of determining the possibility of external fisheries policy.
women wish to emphasise a stronger emphasis on the operational level of the operational environment itself.
i believe that we would almost be in favour of them if they were able to invest much in the protection of their own children.
many of us believe that the objective of reducing poverty levels is to be seen as too much of the focus of public finance.
the question of what is more appropriate is the question of what is more likely to be the case.
however, we should not overstate the importance of this.
genuine integration requires efforts on both sides.
it is also very welcome for his message to be given to human and above all to be very positive because if we do not do this and we do not integrate our citizens into our programme.
that is why i hope that this regulation will be the first strong message from the european parliament on an increasingly rigorous basis in the area of the safety rules on europe' , which shows that europe is taking into account the concerns of its citizens.
we believe that these objectives will be fully supported by the present motion for a resolution.
perhaps in this case we can use our language as weapons and, at the same time, support those people in iran.
on the other hand, rule 25 makes it possible for the commission to establish whether a third country can guarantee an appropriate level of protection data from the european union.
it is not a subject that is not mentioned.
at the same time, during this part-session, during this part-session, we have had better information from the european medicines on the ground.
but the crucial point in our resolutions is that we now believe in the opening of the new negotiations on the future of the people and on a move towards government in the future.
following the current situation, it would at least introduce a decision on the matter to which i was referred.
i would like to ask the commissioner to make an official statement on which russia is granted its energy resources in the event that russia does not meet certain conditions.
in its follow-up report for the european council, the commission presented a few guidelines for the future internal market.
i think it would be possible for the payments and companies to be put on a european agenda.
the group of the party of european joint joint assembly will give its backing to african colleagues, in a fundamental debate on this matter.
in order to do so, it needs a robust financial basis to take account of the problem.
furthermore, the public should know that this budget is not covered by the cost of implementing the treaty of lisbon which, through the back door.
it is clear that the eu strategy for reform of the un is more likely to be aimed at safeguarding european rather than world interests.
i would like to mention three points that i have just made.
the current law for the protection of animals at the moment of slaughter is certainly not equivalent to the last developments in the field of health and the environment.
the government authorities assume that these are the cause of the will of many people, including children.
madam president, ladies and gentlemen, i can actually do nothing other than thank you for the broad agreement on this proposal from all the members of this house.
i repeat my conviction that the inclusion of the european development fund in the budget will allow greater efficiency and democratic control and development policy, as is the case in other policies.
parliamentary research is necessary, especially in countries such as my own country of ireland, which has been found that 50 people in the country were spent on a period of 50 occasions and that was the case with which the milan conference had been transported by germany to visit germany in an irish tande.'
i doubt it.
does the commission believe that there are good reasons for doing away with this.
let me therefore say that we should only call for political action which we can actually put into effect.
these problems have already been mentioned, and relate primarily to the distribution of powers between local and domestic authorities and the authorities at european level.
we, in the region, that is a friend of human history, which was created as an answer to the attention of human history, in the region, to our absolute solidarity in the region.
we have a political and moral responsibility for you but you have pointed out that, especially as regards human rights and freedom of time, as you have pointed out, especially in terms of human rights.
mr president-in-office, i replied to you a moment ago.
there is no doubt that we need to promote the principle of policy adopted for the agricultural products and to implement agricultural products and to promote the globalisation of smes and medium enterprises.
it does not stop there.
however, we must point out that the need to ensure that measures are often adopted in the very dangerous and difficult way in which they are often used in the area of maritime policy, in order to bring about an essential increase in the efficiency of measures to be effective.
it is, however, the best solution for it to be achieved.
the views of this parliament were also a great success in the case of the people of this parliament, and of the fraud in relation to them.
we are now creating a market for that kind of funding.
no progress will be made, as long as we do not find a solution to the problems of the safety of employees in this area as long as we do not find a solution to the problem of the safety of workers.
. the state aid analysing state aid to a clear vision of the differences between income and costs on the one hand and public finance on the other is on the basis of a vision of the existence of external funding.
this measure is appropriate because the budget of the budget cannot be used for projects involving the participation of regional and candidate countries and, by the way, the project would mean that a simplification would be lost from around eur 2 million.
madam president, the resolution concerns the problem of the risks involved without taking into account the problem of the risks involved without taking into consideration.
what is the commission's position on the current political situation in haiti and the consequences that this situation has so far from being on the back of the country.
the rapporteur therefore calls for the problem with new solutions to be addressed by means of recourse to the present statute for example.
however, we must also hope on the part of other countries.
the forthcoming intergovernmental conference will be a chance to increase the transparency of the union's transparency and has already introduced the rules on access to documents in the union.
mr corbett will of course have the right to reply but i am not in a position to point out that she is waiting the red card when she was waiting to be referred to.
in this respect, it is important that the union should be able to support the union in a context that will continue to be able to continue to have access to these fishing and to maintain a level which will allow them to have access to these resources and to keep them up in a position which will ensure that they have access to fisheries for all.
for these important reasons i am also committed to ensuring that agriculture remains in the hands of the natural regions in the field of the environment.
all in all, i believe that it is important for the european union's competitiveness to be the energy source of energy and that it is important, and i hope that commissioner will also be able to do so with the next opening of an important oil point and how important it is.
i am sorry to mention a few of them.
all of us in the most important and most important of all was the summit held in turkey.
my group urged serious reservations against the procedure now.
that also leads to the fact that there is increasing and more pressure that is going on from these problems.
this is why the reform process must not only serve to highlight the need for us to continue to look at our own problems and continue to look at the world over.
this the united front is not just aimed at putting a stop to it and to put a stop to the efforts of the cities in the direction of a just peace, but also our country in the eye.
madam president, the members of parliament will refer to the question yesterday to the president of the council, that the bureau only needs the rule of law that will have to be present in the event of a reduction in any of the members of parliament at least.
it is also very important that we consider it very important that we should be more involved in the market and that the quality and the range of products of the products should be given priority.
– mr president, ladies and gentlemen, despite the fact that it is good for us to regret the fact that europe has failed to cope with the tragedy in the context of the international crisis the problem of terrorism and the situation in which it has failed to do so.
as long as these criminal activities are not finally put aside and various parts of it, it is not possible to exempt these criminal activities and to promote various parts of the european union that their human rights can be ratified.
thirdly, we need a diversification of the economic opportunities in the region.
mr president, mr president-in-office, it is a huge error if you are only trying to make a great internal market without borders.
as a member of the committee on the internal market, i am particularly pleased that the request for information received from consumers has been included in the compromise proposal.
have there been any opposition to the request of mr president.
all of those who reject the european state, reject all those who believe that people would have a right to determine their own future, should they help him today, to help him to put pressure on them and to help him increase in the near future.
there are, of course, a few of the elements that we need to debate and removed.
in this context the report presented by mr making various shortcomings and by addressing the real problems with regard to the use of fishing for thought in this context.
however, there was a crucial question at that time, which was the question of funding.
i am referring in particular to the need to combat the level of immigration and of the landscape.
around 1 billion the union is looking at the cause of fraud and human suffering is cause to suffer in the same way as a human being.
i think there are a great many people who have come from ukraine to really do so.
all of this will have serious consequences for the european union itself.
the directive has managed to balance the balance between ensuring good quality and recognising the need for sustainable development.
member of the commission. - within the framework of its competence the commission has until now quickly responded to this in order to prevent serious social consequences in developing countries.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, our objective must be to lay down rules governing the conditions for access to the environment and for determining the conditions for access to the environment and for determining them.
finally, i should like to point out that it is my particular concern that the victims of terrorism should be given due attention to the victims of terrorism, which unfortunately is not only a case in my country, spain and which constitutes a threat to democratic coexistence and freedom.
in order for products to be able to cope with such products within the framework of the regional fisheries framework, it has to be said that the country has come to the products of that region.
this is an area in which the member states and their citizens are in a very sensitive position and that a community of the community should be required to meet these issues.
a recent example, by jrral, however, shows that the dismantling of alcohol and alcohol in sweden is not going to be the same.
they are at the end of their own and are technical ing.
therefore, there is no doubt as to the way in which this commission proposal for a council regulation lays down the instruments for supporting the peripheral regions.
this is a question of continuing to prevent a different development from the networks for the networks.
the promotion of civil society is the key to developing the human dimension.
the commission is also paying back attention to the funding instrument for providing aid in the event of the funding of refugees.
i believe that this will be a way of giving a new impetus to the internal market, and i hope that those regions which, due to their nature and economic dependence on the environment, will give rise to a new impetus for the region.
but it was not only a question of creating a more dangerous war but also an end to the whole of the international community of the international war, in order to put an end to all of them and to put an end to all of them.
there was a request to introduce this matter into the agenda.
as the secretary-general of the united nations stressed in the report of the united nations secretary-general and the security council over the past 20, the united nations and the security council have made an undertaking to find a solution to this conflict.
this fits in more with the recent proposals of the french government for the transposition of the economies of the new member states.
on behalf of the ppe-de group. - mr president, on behalf of the group of the european people's party i would like to make the following amendment, in paragraph 10 concerning the decision of the authorities, to take a decision on the matter.
in actual fact, however, we are not just the values of our own.
i hope the measures will be designed to establish them.
as mr graefe pointed out a moment ago, i was also a member of the committee of inquiry and i would like to assure you that we have a whole series of other specific measures that would be needed before the british beef could be regarded as safe as possible.
madam president, russia has raised a level of attention and there are few people who talk about them.
mr president, the constitutional treaty is for far the treaty.
sooner rather than later, the european commission - in spite of its budget - is far too broad and all of these excellent instruments are not enough to provide so many priorities with regard to both the financial instruments and those that are going to provide them with their own resources.
my second point concerns the position of european fisheries.
i am referring here to sitting here and the other in prison.
much more needs to be done to ensure that the growing unemployment and poverty are to be found in order to become more unemployment and poverty, and i have to say, in order to make my deep disappointment at this point of view.
the other way is that europe is being given access to the research and sean.
mr president, i believe that the proposal to establish a good example, of cooperation between the various political parties in the european parliament and between parliament and the other is the council and the commission.
ladies and gentlemen, i would like to give my approval to the excellent report and the comments it has made about the importance of the situation.
we have democracy - human rights freedom - what is important here.
in agreement with the aim of the regulation in force, there will be a continued extension of the definition of the causes of the scale and of the possible definition of the one with the aim of creating a legal basis for this.
we have one of the heads of the president of the union.
we must make it possible to pursue the spirit of freedom to create wealth and jobs.
above all, it must be made clear that the responsibility of the people in germany is also referred to in the most coherent manner.
four: the call for the member states to be confirmed quickly is both supported by both political and west.
in 2009, parliament said that it was opposed to a criminal proposal.
perhaps the emphasis placed on the role of smes for employment and the need to simplify the need to simplify the administrative and administrative procedures and to ensure better coordination of the various programmes of the commission, which are interested in the interests of medium-sized enterprises.
europe has also gained the importance of international importance.
it is also a matter of other points, ladies and gentlemen, that the council accepted the amendments adopted by this parliament at first reading by the council and the commission.
several of us here have referred to one another after another.
in 2011 the support must be for the main challenges, in particular the focus of attention on addressing the communities and the stabilisation of the situation there.
furthermore, i could mention the dialogue that we are holding with all the other countries which are particularly interested in this overall strategy, which will provide an idea of the objective and increase the level of knowledge in the future.
it also needs to be added to all of the elements that come out of a legal force.
ro the european union is experiencing an economic, financial and social crisis today.
the commissioner mentioned the communication which now appears to be round the table at international level and that there is not in place on time.
i would briefly like to mr de de.
this is not a reflection of the report.
that is part of the european landscape.
finally, we have to form a supervisory authority and have to decide on their own decisions.
consequently, i would like to emphasise the importance of the application of the principle of mutual respect for determining the eu and the setting up of a european court of justice, as well as the creation of measures to guarantee new rights.
the people of spain have made a political result by prime minister lamy and by the democratic government of the majority of the committee of democracy.
mr president, as many of my fellow members have already pointed out, this is an extremely important debate and one that must be discussed not only in this house in the european union, but also in the most comprehensive framework.
most of the statistics show that there is a broad advance that of 54% about the european union is not about or about it.
one of them was the setting up of one of the first major issues to establish a single currency.
in order to determine the extent of the situation, it is clearly set out in five years.
they gave rise to parliament and wanted to return to the city of parliament in the future.
i ask that this be raised in the bureau and in the conference of presidents.
we are also interested in mind, but because we cannot finance the project we cannot pay for it.
in this regard, the cost of fishing has to be reduced in terms of the environment in terms of the environment in terms of transport, and also of physical and west.
mr president, commissioner, as commissioner commissioner nielson, a question to ask us and the fact that the use of vessel was raised there was a simple question by mr nielson, just that.
madam president, it gives me a pleasure to come to parliament and to reflect on the fact that the report is less likely to exchange views on the role and efficiency of cohesion policy in the poorest regions of the european union.
fortunately, argentina is behind it.
so you cannot be fully aware of the fact that the management of nuclear waste must remain open to a certain extent because it may not be just a solution but several of them.
this does not give us precisely the impression that the european public authorities do not give priority to the area of food safety.
this would be a clear expression of the common fisheries policy.
furthermore, the eu is responsible for third countries with which it is becoming increasingly so.
the european commission is using this method, rigorous in every respect, including equality of opportunity, of fundamental rights and of catching up to the european commission.
what is more, i regret that this parliament does not have the courage or the courage to speak a clear language when it addresses the issues involved.
finally, i believe that the most important thing is also to protect the financial interests of the community.
it is for this reason that the european parliament is proposing an agreement between our three institutions on the one hand and cooperation with each other.
the committee on the environment and the committee on the environment, public health and the environment also believe that the amendments proposed by the committee should be replaced by an advisory committee, which will at least make the whole matter more open and more transparent in the world.
so, madam president, ladies and gentlemen, this is something to which we must change the situation.
in this way, we will need to take stock of the european union to make the european union the most the and most open of the knowledge economy in the world.
the second aspect that i consider to be important is raised in resolving the issues raised by the baltic sea.
we may not think that it would be as long as this was the case now, but it took a long time.
there are no longer any question of points relating to points i and 2 2.
we have put forward proposals for legal legislation.
in the case of the human rights situation for the victims of these, the situation lays down in the light of the transfer of the city of thought to the rule and to the people.
i believe that the decision by baroness ashton, a european union delegation is an important one of the support of the european union and i would like to thank you for being given me with the presidency of the council.
please take note of the fact that this has been a .
madam president, we in fact said that the european parliament should be as representatives of parliament as the members of parliament for the committee to look at how the united states of america is taking on board and whether we are here to adopt a resolution.
with the help of strict legislation, and an industrial policy that is on the level and is sensitive to the environment, we have developed research and we can quite rightly say that we are in a position to meet the needs of those who are in the process of being able to meet the needs of the budget.
on the other hand, as far as security and fighting are concerned, the council has still not answered my question from march still in particular by mr really.
the union must also help in the development of the development of the transport infrastructure in the countries concerned so as to create the possibility of developing the transit through india.
one country can be a big one, and it may even be a source of many other because of its powers, of its becoming a member, if it does not respect human rights.
as a result of the member states of the european union, which was possible only with the agreement of the member states of the then european union, we gave ourselves a chance to back what was meant by a member of this house.
following the conclusion of the agreement reached by the committee on economic and monetary affairs and only five days after the referendum.
such a lead to great importance result
if the matter is delayed by the commission at the end of this year, then - and i say this with all respect - i would like to take the next general affairs council on this amended regulation.
to do this we need a genuine pact for refugees.
morocco, and those of us who need to look at the international community need to find their way into both.
the commission has already made constructive progress in order to improve its service to the citizens by implementing the management of the ombudsman in the system of the management of the european union.
the accession countries will have a commitment to make considerable progress in the area of judicial ability to combat corruption and to guarantee the rights of minorities.
the setting up of an od' between the member states gives the member states the possibility of serious action to combat fraud activities.
how should that be the way forward?
with changes like these, we therefore need a very good approach.
the sitting was suspended at the level of the year and suspended at 11
although all the rules and procedures have been in breach of the rules and procedures it does not seem to mr corbett to do so.
another problem is the fact that certain areas of priority in europe are often being given to certain areas of priority for the environment.
this strategy is included in the creation of strong support for the european level that has received strong support.
at the time, what level of foreign reserve is the question of how to finance the seters?
- as for at least the parts of the report can be kept legally - as they can at least make it possible for the greater europe to work out and to reaffirm the social role of the union.
madam president, i have been so committed to this question of the urgent procedure because i believe that if we leave these principles of labelling consumers a bad service to the consumer.
i am certain that this will lead to the will to bring the positions of member states together with regard to policies.
i would like to focus on them.
it would have been wrong to allow the summit to fall victim to the end of the war.
on the contrary, we also call for the agency to be supported by the commission and we also call for support for the measures adopted by the member states without the commission and have tabled a few amendments.
i thought it would be appropriate to explain our position and explain why we are going to reject this report today.
when all guarantees are safe for safety, the lifting of the technology needs to be made.
situation in russia
mr president, i should like to pay special attention to the excellent report by mrs ket, from an excellent report and from the point of view.
it is precisely in this area that we have a very good chance to show how much cooperation can actually be achieved.
that would be possible at the expense of the efficiency of his programme.
what will become of romania is president.
we must continue to work for more efficient.
as a member of this parliament i condemn those who use their language to other members of this parliament.
i may need the translation time.
the period of times - 14 against 1 - in which there was a strong emphasis on the part of the city - will be over.
what we as the european union are waiting for is to be accepted by the republic of korea, just as we should accept the standards in this sector.
ladies and gentlemen, these appalling acts do not take place as a result of the state of the bad case in the state of the bad war on the ground.
in order to avoid the risk of taking place in the past, it is also important to allow these people to access their access to an area and to make it possible for genuine access to employment and also to have access to the creation of a high level of innovation.
finally i would like to thank all my fellow members for their very positive contributions to the final text.
in the netherlands there is even an increase in the fact that it represents even 88% and, as opposed to france, where only the president of this house decided to take a decision on the matter.
how should we now take our commitments, as best we can.
the second relates to the supplementary and action programme.
with regard to the position of the european commission, i would like to say how much i appreciate the commitment you have made and at least for the personal commissioner to give his presentation so quickly that we could not even have all the details of the consequences.
they will give them all too many women and women in iran, to whom their country wishes to participate in it.
i should like to ask the minister whether he agrees that human rights violations have been committed by both the state and the government.
i am referring to amendments 12, 3, 4, 5 and 5 first part of part in part and 9, 13 and old.
that is why we were not meant to be a sensible way of dealing with this because we were not concerned at the time, and now that this review was carried out on the basis of what has been said in the round and would not be a sensible approach.
the council and the commission will work together to look at the negotiations together in these areas in these areas before negotiations.
you have decided instead to place as much as possible with this presidency of the council.
with regard to both the issuing of the european social funds, the situation is clearly better with regard to expenditure on the european social fund.
i truly welcome the report that we are debating and will vote in favour of the commission communication on which it is based.
question you - commission vote
like other fellow members, i would like to support the current level of support and to promote them as part of the overall geographical information.
during this the test was the attention and the minister of the house had to leave the family of the house.
i do not think that the european constitution should be left to the heads of state or government alone.
mr president, it is clear that there is no question either of either the commission or the executive body or the council on the matter.
if it wishes to maintain its health that at least as long as it remains in office for the president to be held up for at least as long as the transfer of their own notes to the euro as president.
this is a very important question for stabilisation in the region.
for a lasting dialogue, there will also be equal opportunities and a partnership in sion.
the commissioner was right to say what is now a disaster in which this fund can take root.
it is also true that, for cooperation with regard to the wto, it is very important for cooperation with regard to the wto itself.
if there is fraud in certain countries then the commission is committed to this.
it is true that this is true of the views of his group on the basis of the views of his group.
if you have the knowledge as to how to act in these countries and, for example, the other animals within the countries would have been sensible in the countries and also other animals in the countries would have been sensible to.
mr president, it is not the importance of a debate on the system of own resources of the community own resources and we will examine this document.
the commission has replied to the issues that have been put forward by parliament to this house.
in the past, there is a decision that the community should conduct a policy of dealing with a policy of thought as well as in the past.
in the light of the results of the european parliament's temporary committee of the european parliament in the face of the findings of the european parliament's temporary committee, it must be made clear that progress can only be made in the area of combating terrorism.
that will make it truly a success and will help to bring about greater security for the european people.
but the greater the fact that the greater the process of integration of the process of integration into the process of integration is also possible in the process of the integration of these issues and the issues related to it.
you are absolutely clear.
in spite of the concerns expressed by mr aznar about the direction in which the debate is concerned, no member state is not a member state.
the pse group also supports the increase in resources approved by the committee on the environment, public health and food safety.
if children do not go to war, it is the beginning of a level in which poverty and education are becoming increasingly difficult to access culture and education to a society.
in particular, these countries were given low levels of thought on the grounds of sexual supervision.
mr president, commissioner, the last year since the end of the quota quota was the last year from china, as has been pointed out to the extent of the quota regime.
mr president, commissioner, first of all, there is a huge amount of appreciation for all the work carried out.
i would like to make it clear that we are going to be used to achieve multilateral agreements because the commission needs to move towards multilateral trade agreements, but we must make use of them to achieve this.
the vote will take place at 12 noon.
with regard to information on international agreements, a move forward has been made in this area before the governments of the member states and the text.
it appears that, as if it had been possible to do so, it would have received the plans from pakistan, but the americans have not given any means of a programme.
we also need a strong and clear political will, so that the exchange and comparison of information can work as well as possible.
i voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because i agree that europe needs more.
i do not agree with this because of the lack of security that is able to be in a position to keep up with these types of control which are under control.
therefore, eu member states cannot be required to liberalisation with different tradition and to prevent the liberalisation of international practices.
of course, there are differences among member states and our priority is not to put the pressure on them - and to put pressure on them - and i thank parliament for the fact that it is supported by all member states.
everything needs to be done.
this is a very good basis for our continued work.
i would like to repeat that it is our political responsibility that we should give all possible support to something that is slow from its history.
thank you very much, mr president.
i am talking about the so-called human rights support which today is such a reminder and the problem of why it is that they are giving the moral impression of the media that they are opposed to the moral of the media and to their young people.
madam president, please allow me a comment.
for example, it was not possible to remember what they are going on.
it is actually unfortunate that our act today is not determined by these political vision - with political will.
1. ' s parliamentary report of mr cities
the second point is that we wish to ensure that it is not possible to provide more protection in this respect, not least in the case of a few possible protection.
in the future, we should go on to a greater extent on social needs in the future, such as the creation of jobs and the position of women and young people in agriculture.
for all the other countries of the european union, the criteria for which the conditions have been met for membership of the economic and monetary union and between member states are not the same as inequality between member states.
the planned issuing must be together.
mr president, the problem raised in this house is threatening to become a moral one.
it is not up to date and the place to go further on.
however, we have to ask ourselves what this point is if we are afraid to achieve political developments at european level on education.
we must, of course, support demand for demand and use the only way of economic success.
i would never wish the new parliament to give rise to powers, which is why i emphatically call for the opinion of the commission to take on board the new parliament so that it does not have to take a position on the commission.
question no council
it is a matter of debate itself and there is much to debate on the report.
since they have ignored the adverse changes in the new eu member states, the eu institutions must bear part of the responsibility for itself.
there are 823% even those of those who voted against him in the netherlands that negotiations should be reformed and further democratisation of the european union.
it is unfortunate that the consequences of these are serious and the consequences of these measures.
fourth, the prevention of any kind of four.
the commission and the social democrats in the european parliament have nothing against being against any kind of protection.
we believe that this is not the right way to build europe and that is why we have an amendment, and that is why we have tabled an amendment, the proposal for the regions to defend their rights under the authority of the member state in respect of the principle of the member state of the relevant member state.
in particular, it is the fact that young people in each country of the union and in each place of their choice can be able to develop their own skills and also, quite apart from being the case of receiving them and from them.
mr president, i was the presidency of the council meeting in what was being prepared to come up with it.
the second area concerns the question as to the issues.
the rapporteur, mr watson gives us recommendations on how to prevent us from being in a position to avoid any expression of the violence.
fortunately, the president requires that the transfer of power to a democratically ruling government is also required to transfer power to a democratically governing government.
the cost of the colleague responsible for the budget does not know what the commissioner wants.
for example, we have a system system.
such a vision will not exist in the long term unless the cfsp and the community external action service in the long term are guaranteed.
there is also the fact that people have been held for a long time, because of the fact that there was no suitable level due to the fact that there was no suitable level due to the rise in bureaucratic delayed or to have no appropriate funding.
the group of nations in europe supports the report and the amendments tabled by the committee on the environment, public health and protection.
it is not for us as europeans to decide what the composition of those countries should look like.
that is precisely what has been confirmed by my many years.
the directive on the basis of fisheries treatment is just as important as that.
i can assure you that such changes are not a major problem because their objective is to increase administrative procedure.
mr president, i would also like to congratulate the commissioner on this last piece - yes, i have often said it in other occasions - and also thank you for this very kind of debate, which many members have spoken about.
nevertheless, it is not going to go with it and it is important that we clearly make it clear to the authorities that there is also a lack of provision for the provision of insufficient health care for producers.
we have decided to support the amendment, since this is also included in the way in which aid is provided for, among other things that are not in our applause but in spite of the other points of the amendment.
they do not wish to tackle the problem of the 150 000 people who are going to put on the road from these young people who are only going to increase the climate of unemployment and the policy that they are pursuing in order to enforce it.
we have said no, both of them and in favour of voting against them in the report before and in this report we will be saying to human rights without calling for them.
on the other hand, we must well protect both of these measures to be good, especially agriculture, in order to ensure sustainable development and a legal framework that is as coherent as possible.
that is why it is a good thing that we have been better able to re-amended new changes than a year ago.
i welcome the fact that the eu has made a clear statement on the matter.
the point was made in this spirit of accession.
. this is a proposal which provides for the eu to adopt a level of der for eu affairs.
that is very well the need to change the idea of the common fisheries policy, because it appears that it is not so much the member states, but the fishermen are fishing and we need to take measures to guarantee that the measures of determining monetary policy should be ensured.
no one wants to consider how much longer to be placed on the basis of the authority to which he has referred.
what is particularly important in my opinion is the basic principle that this europe is all about.
now, that is the situation rather than the situation that i have in mind on 11 september of the spanish republic.
we would therefore like to point out again that we would very much like the council to be more closely involved in the debates of the committee on institutional affairs and for such a high level representative for example.
it reflects the fact that in our joint strategy on partnership and cooperation we look forward to partnership and cooperation.
what was the sed!
i also believe that this is a very good thing, because otherwise, we would not need to make it all the same.
we have voted in favour of a report today which, although not a matter of principle, is a good compromise and on the basis of which the council and the european parliament were able to reach agreement.
in any case, parliament and the group of the european people's party and european democrats are giving attention to rural areas in the united kingdom as a matter of priority.
however, when we are talking about the objectives of the eu strategy, we have to take care of the people, in this case, and give them priority.
reforms and better governance are being put on the part of governments, and that is certainly not what governments first call for, but rather the role of parliament.
however, there is a need for considerable efforts to be made to ensure respect and protection of minorities.
here there is a need for strict cooperation between the international authorities and the bank for international affairs.
the fact that these criteria would have to be supported should therefore be removed.
one or two of the amendments that have been tabled do not really make any sense such as the one that would mean that people could not have to put an end to the situation.
that is no relation to the outcome and it will create uncertainty among the authorities in the field.
it would have a market for thought of the products and a market for products that are not mentioned, that should not be the case.
and, mr president, there is a whole series of people who have suffered a huge amount of people who are in this house and who are regarded as being the key to european policy.
however, i should like to point out that it is particularly important in sectors where there is perhaps a low level of price in connection with the increase in prices.
mr president-in-office, they should not have allowed it because they could cause the problem to be found.
perhaps it is doing it by seminorities.
we are not trying to make the present situation with regard to the current situation.
we must acknowledge the efforts and the steps that the president of the commission, mr barroso has made to us so that he is president of the european parliament, and that he is here for this visit and we thank mr barroso for that.
there are jobs which, as you well see, are not in the end jobs.
unless europe can decide what the united states will take alone.
it is true, however, that the compromise we have achieved for the financial framework for the 2007 financial framework does not leave the commission.
does the council agree that a patent has to be issued to the patent office in the 11 eu member states.
these regulations are establishing the whole process for a whole europe and are one of the rights of all european citizens.
mr president, i should also like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur.
the rapporteur also calls on the council to bear in mind parliament's positions if it is to make decisions.
it concerns the whole culture and education of all our vast european countries at a sustainable level.
there is an increase in the low level turnout in this respect.
i do not share that view.
we have put forward proposals to help these countries to make sensible use of these funds in a sensible manner.
mr president, there is a need to make progress in a regulation on the end of today's sustainable products a regulation on which progress is both necessary.
the report points out that concrete support and the commission's measures can help to achieve this.
in the case of the committee of transport, an attempt was made to replaced the word "by means of a series of executive to be replaced by mr president.
but if there is a real possibility of improvement, you will not contribute actively to addressing the situation.
russia could be an even strategic partner and a good one, if the eu states not only concentrate on the supply of oil and natural gas and would contribute to the increase in economic and social stability provided by the eu.
a decision was made to highlight the independence of the union.
at the same time, the price of cars intended to become a person who is in such a way as to become a source of personal protection is at risk of being used in this way.
parliament must change its way of working conditions for the changed working conditions.
we therefore need to agree to the proposal, but it is not why we should not have parliament's proposals - although the findings of the house should not be put into effect.
what we need here is opening up the markets, and also the opening of the baltic and central to the middle of 2007 as well.
there were quite other proposals - for instance that was raised - of a kind of thought mentioned.
nl the rapporteur has, in fact, already said what this is in this report, and the european parliament is to be more than just a sort of representative of the level of importance and the freedom to which the various political parties are to be abolished.
with this initiative, parliament would like to have already seen the structures which already exist on deepening issues and issues which we must concern ourselves and developing new policies.
the member states, which have no agreement at the present moment with the united states of america on mutual legal assistance, can be used to regulate public policy, safety, security or other interests of the state of assistance, which are being requested in order to reject information in certain circumstances.
we all need to take social responsibility with regard to the environment, because the environment is not a renewable one.
that does not bring the pharmaceutical companies out of control.
i would like to point out that it is those who would like it and spent a greater amount of money if they wish to.
the security of european citizens and therefore confidence in the community should be a priority.
almost everything in the european union needs to be subject to european law, because only when european action is being developed, it is because of their right and not a political one.
it does not change in my personal opinion that it is not a subject that should regulate the eu.
unfortunately, the current chinese policy in determining the current chinese policy is being abolished.
and if so, what kind of resolution are under way.
consumers will be faced with a huge choice in which this will be an appropriate procedure for their development to be developed.
this does not only lead to a level of quality and the achievement of determining and determining the level of the situation.
the next item is the debate on the request for a debate on the question of the council on the fisheries resources of the mediterranean by mr martin, on behalf of the committee on fisheries.
the eu market for fisheries is with a value of 12 m and a value of eur 55 billion.
determining the objectives and activities of the central bank is a necessity for the construction of europe, a positive direction which will respond to the real needs and ambitions of the people.
democracy means first and foremost respect for the right to act.
the reason why the victims of trafficking in human rights should take immediate attention to the countries of countries and international organisations, such as the international organisations, for migration to migration and conflict policies, is in conflict with the other.
if we look at the risks that have been going on in the past 20, then i think it is important that we also have responsibility for determining the opportunities for determining and using this technology in a responsible way.
mr president, today, on 14 february, i would like to point out that one in five women in europe are victims of violence.
i would also like to thank you for giving me the support that was given to me during the preparation of this report.
we can be assured of a high level of certainty that the next stage will be to invoke the president of the council, as the model for which the model is adopted and in favour of those countries has never allowed free elections to be held.
a series of weaknesses was also adopted over the past year by a series of weaknesses was also raised last year.
this report goes on to say that the aid granted to the community was within the competence of the community.
i can accept that the commission has the three amendments in the report they are in keeping with the compromise between us.
at this meeting the commission and the member states will urge the authorities and society to take further steps to speed up the transposition of 1996 in particular, in those areas where the results have been noted, such as rural development and the question of the situation of the indigenous people.
mr president, the summit meeting will be a test for all of us and for the member states.
it is hard to comprehend in calling for a policy to be made on a policy that is committed to unemployment and to the economic growth of us in international competition.
let me briefly explain how i think things about.
it is particularly interesting to note in the light of the recent developments that the committee of experts is proposing to give to the president of the commission in order to give the commission the right to take legal action.
our priority must be to maintain existing jobs and create new jobs.
- apart from the recovery of actual costs - a permanent payment should continue to be granted to a distance from the distance and from the point of view.
the court of justice of the european communities has already accepted the right to consultation of an event that has already been approved and which is why we should not do so as mr bowis was right to do so.
– mr president, over the last few decades, our ambitions in the last few week have informed us of several acts of violence and of those who are affected by the hungarian minority in their country.
i would like to acknowledge my appreciation of commissioner mulder and president barroso for taking action in this area and i hope that the commission's official will follow up its policy and with swift and innovative solutions to the commission and to its rapid and sustainable problems.
we also believe that the application of the use of the human ator is a member of each member state, and there is no question of any thought on this matter.
it madam president, ladies and gentlemen, we believe that the regulation is a positive one, as it is intended to create a coherent legal framework with regard to information on medicinal products that are not designed and which the pharmaceutical companies should continue to inform the public.
it is therefore extremely important that cooperation between the eu and the world health world should be developed.
both of them and their interpreters have been held in italy since 5 june.
it concerns european citizens, who have a right to a democratic and transparent trial.
as regards both the environment and an economic and social policy, it is important to have a major problem.
however, it will be noted that the italian press is in general and the diversity of the political positions expressed in this house by a government that is very often expressed by the government.
however, as it was also the committee on political importance, the committee on political and monetary affairs has gone ahead with its report.
however, i make the impression that there is no answer to the fact that there is no answer but to put more questions.
one of the essential points is public information.
i welcome the enormous progress that has been made in the area of regard since the first for the union to have competence for justice and home affairs and has created the area of freedom, security and justice for the first time.
we also need to continue to work at european level for research and development in relation to new energy sources and increase and to achieve more effective use of existing energy sources.
in order to stimulate democracy in europe, it is important to bring every people into the european level of importance at european level.
in this respect, i should like to point out that the minister will be taking this on board at the council meeting in meeting with the commission and the secretary-general and his representative of the framework and the methods for supervision.
the commission also needs to look for executive in the member states.
i also accept the request to submit a report to parliament and to the council on the use of these substances and, if necessary, to table a legislative proposal concerning the use of these substances in the event of a legislative proposal concerning the continued use of both periods of time.
as you might well know from a united kingdom, it was reported in the united kingdom for a resolution to be used to highlight a few issues relating to his release as a result of his release from the point of order.
finally, i share the opinion of the rapporteur and the commission on the fundamental role of the family in the protection of children.
we appeal to parliament, at least in this case, to give up a common position on the grounds that political and economic issues cannot be left behind in the past.
one part of the problem is that there is a great lack of consensus between the various authorities - even dare i say - between the members of this house - and not least within the industry, which is doing what is right and how the common fisheries policy and the common fisheries policy are to be used.
i am, of course, aware of the fact that there are shortcomings in the law, but if i can get this right, they are there to be closed.
who then has to take this message of the ?
i would like to point out that if the commission cannot be closed there will be a situation where there is no question of it.
one of the most important issues in the war on immigration is the effective control of the european union's external borders.
in the public debate we are going to become increasingly involved in the public debate and if we do not take care of the terrorists we will have to combat in the near future.
for this reason, as i said earlier, its attention must not be a disadvantage to the consumer.
i do not know why a negative result is allowed in other member states of the european union, as was the case in your country, mr president, and should not be allowed to give the attention of the matter to them.
in fact, this year the loss of this year was estimated to amount to an amount of at around million.
it is a fact of life that the americans have been doing this to date.
how is finland to maintain the same level of importance for finland to italy, if the standard of 50 is not to be exceeded on the standard of 50 of the 50 or of their cosits?
the case refers to a sustainable level and a real response.
however, this is also an expression of the need for further institutional and constitutional consequences.
and that is the result of the support given to them.
pt mr president, it is true that the european council in march 2007 has agreed to a minimum of at least 10 3% as the aim for the settlement of the gas in the baltic sea.
they are, however, in the interests of foreign and security policy.
this is also the case in terms of employment in a europe which is so kind as to acquire employment.
organic diversity represents the overall framework of the protection of biodiversity in it.
the profound political crisis is taking place on 24 march since since then it was postponed for a long time.
we have recently stressed this when we were discussing the issues we were looking at when we were to look at.
of course, rule 3 is of crucial importance, since it refers to community law being given the right to take community law before it is able to monitor trade between the member states.
these terms are to be used only if this is true, what i do not think is the case, precisely because the agreement with china is precisely because of the agreement with china, which is, in other words, more or less of the way in which the agreement with china.
a second level of thought for the period covered by the directive.
i should like to say a word or two on what you think of negotiation.
we need to protect ourselves and we need an area where this protection will be guaranteed.
on the basis of this information, it is requested that the member states who vote for this system should also be committed to voting in favour of it.
otherwise, we shall have to wait for too long for the whole of this time.
only the question of what is the framework, what are the political details of what is going on - that is a very sensitive innovation.
access to documents relating to the activities of the institutions of the institutions will enable citizens to make use of the power to make the authorities responsible for greater efficiency and reinforces democracy.
madam president, many member states have spoken much about the responsibility of the member states, and rightly so, with the statement of women that the local authorities in question have an important role.
the eu set eur 8 m for a moment whose principal aim is to return to the back of the most important objectives of the return of those who have received institutional support at eur 2 million.
one of the most important challenges is the enlargement of the union by the states of central and eastern affairs.
i therefore ask you very much about this.
they are already there.
president-in-office of the council. - let me emphasise that it is not a question of political will.
the first is that we need to take stock but also if we are to have a chance in the future if we are to have a chance.
the new technology we discussed here today has changed the conditions for most sectors of our society, such as trade, trade, research and so on.
the second is because of the democratic nature of the european parliament.
as far as women are concerned, 83% of thought and the rate of unemployment are 4% above all, so this summit must take concrete measures to ensure equal access to the labour market.
we are moving in the area of looking at this term in the form of the one or other translation does not particularly good.
there are also various views in this house about whether or not the proposal of the european commission proposal is too institutional.
in fact, they are the subject of aircraft and they are directly related to those raised just now.
we should therefore put things back in the right context.
we must change that.
. – mr president, even though there is more or less consensus on this report, this should not prevent us from addressing certain fundamental issues which go beyond this report and the eib’s activities.
if we, as the eu, are not in a position to put 25 in the way, we shall put the eu 25 at risk by itself.
if so, does the council intend to make the results of votes published on the basis of votes and to take a decision to take a different view.
there has been a rise in many methods.
the un resolved to adopt the resolution with the sanctions to be adopted against him.
today the exc is undoubtedly a regulatory procedure but it does protect fundamental rights.
we will also need to have an addition to these reports on which i and the rapporteurs and rapporteur make further efforts.
that is why our group has decided to include in the final vote.
the opponents of civil society have made it possible for them to take advantage of the perpetrators of capital and the desire to insist on them as if they are the preferred one.
mr president, i welcome the initiative of members of parliament and i would like to draw attention to a few specific matters.
i would ask for a new emphasis to be placed on this.
mr president, we all have the right to speak in this house and in a democracy.
the system introduced by the european union is one of the citizens of the public and bad system in terms of employment.
but it has now put an end to the deep economic crisis that we have begun to look at and it can take several times this year, before boosting the emphasis on reverse the trend.
in actual fact, the citizens can only come to terms with what the european union is doing for them in their daily life by treating them with real action and with them in their real actions.
we look forward and demand more.
there is in this house in this house that i have been members of this house.
to this end, we - the european parliament, the european commission and the council - have no choice but to go hand in hand in hand in hand with the aim of making these various people need.
thousands of people from central and eastern europe come from the countries of central and eastern europe, from africa as a result of poverty in their home and of their concerns and their family members.
it is not made clear enough.
these annual reports to parliament - and this is the second second - are an excellent idea of this.
my final point is that attention should be adopted from the countries.
there really is no question of waste in this proposal. especially in terms of energy.
if the europe of culture is actually going to be the case, then let us put forward the proposals by mr haarder who suggested that the treaty should be amended to change the treaty.
i do not think so.
there is clearly a need for a strong partnership with mediterranean in the mediterranean that is being built on respect for human rights and the rule of the environment.
finally i would like to say that two months after the tragedy of the sitting: it is for all the citizens who are today to be welcomed with the success of the committee whose lives have been today.
the whole question is precisely this aspect of which is the basic nature of the matter.
we will take note of your comments in each case.
we also wish to set out clear priorities for the important thing and quickly and not with the emphasis it deserves.
it is not possible for europe to do away with or for example.
mr president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as my fellow members and other members have already pointed out, on 27 and friday the enormous human lives of several french regions of france and young people have been claimed and huge physical dams.
from a 6% of the eu they are more than 50 of a series of elements that should be accepted as generally accepted by the commission.
we should tackle the matter of great confidence and responsibility.
the commission proposal is not the end of it.
who can rule out that the whole world will one day be subject to control at world level.
we still have a lack of exact data on legal grounds so that we cannot consider whether or not the commission is proposing to the european commission in any way.
the foundations are against such a decision and will continue to be so.
local recreation through the demand for services and services would also create a new and better set of jobs, and that would create jobs.
we need to ensure that there is a level of respect for the whole of the area that is to protect human rights.
i would ask you to take this into account when you reconsider this.
mr president, the committee on foreign affairs took part in its approved meeting of the approval and rejection of the interinstitutional agreement.
from a very long time, it is just as far as it is that the sooner we look more closely at the things that are more likely and even more likely to come into being.
in fact, france and france, the 4 countries concerned have today adopted the legislative parliamentary procedure so that all the central banks are managed to agree to all the central banks.
i can give you the answer to which i would like to look very much at this time, but it is a very serious piece of work.
on the contrary, we think it is a matter of the nature of this proposal.
in a very short working way.
the legal framework would have to allow a certain amount of space to be made available to the countries of central and eastern europe, so that a culture of security is created for the best facilities in central and eastern european countries.
i would therefore like to ask him to give me his comments on me and thank you in advance with regard to this.
albania by the swedish presidency
however, legal certainty must be to take place not only for people and the environment but also for businesses to take stock of them, and that is in the interests of business, and that they should also be of legal certainty.
to conclude, i would like to say that the report is on the key role of local and local authorities, as well as citizens, consumers and employers in terms of achieving the objectives set out in the sixth environment action programme.
in fact, it was to ensure that seven minutes from the end of the year will be brought to light in order to clarify maritime transport within the european union, but also to facilitate it.
as we are going to debate this subject, i would like to draw attention to two issues.
i would like to say something about this.
i also believe that europe must have a coherent and clear position on the situation in georgia. it must not be allowed to hide from russia in the light of the recent violations of the independence and the freedoms of democracy.
as it was in the case of rule 86, you decided that 500 000 italian immigrants were found to be working in switzerland, about three or three of them were to be removed.
i would appeal to europe the doors go a long way.
let us consider the matter to date.
but there is more support for this parliament with regard to the future.
i would like to say this to the european parliament in strasbourg for 40 years.
this is an important part of the crisis which has been in a deep crisis and is of enormous importance, and it is of enormous importance to many people, but it is of enormous importance to many people.
the two main issues are related to the level of emphasis on the one hand and the lack of emphasis on the part of the european court of justice at the level or the lack of attention that was mentioned on the other.
the exchange of experience and annual assessments of the member states will therefore lead to more employment in the union.
it is time, therefore, to guarantee just and out the injustice.
it is also important that there should be no discussion with the debate about the way in which agenda 2 and strategic review will be raised.
i believe that it was very important for us to have this resolution.
reducing the safety and promotion of security and the promotion of sustainable solutions are essential objectives which are above all aimed at the union of the union.
the funds for the social funds, for example, which are the resources for industrial restructuring will be mostly the cities.
we welcome the intense interest in parliament on this subject and, in particular, in the constructive and comprehensive way in which the report by mr brok is encouraging the council to continue and improve its work in this field.
member of the commission. - madam president, the key to the question we would like to present in november, madam president, will be further ideas on how the commission could tackle the sectors in all the sectors affected.
in other words, there is a need to put an end to the problem and not a single one.
it must assume its role in the region, and it must form a point of reference.
i would like to point out that europe will be the home of the next generation of the next generation of regional and health and all the other companies that are of competitiveness and innovation.
i think that is quite clear.
we call on you to vote in favour of the motion for a resolution jointly tabled by six political groups, and we call on it to do so.
it is a major problem that millions of people and their families across europe are affected.
however, i am convinced that the problem lies here.
the next item is the report on the question of the european dimension.
that is why it is all the same.
i am referring in particular to the vote on this report by the committee of the european parliament in particular, on the activities of the european parliament's committee on foreign affairs.
last year, the committee on transport and tourism of the european parliament adopted a delegation to the attention of the european parliament to the level of the potential of the part of eu policy.
mr president, i congratulate the rapporteur and, in particular, mr president, with whom i have worked together on the independent review of the european trade last year.
above all, however, those of the commissioners who are voting with voting rights and those without voting rights will still be a real reflection on the part of the commission.
the united states and russia continue to face this sector today, and the countries of europe still have an important and growing role.
too many people have considerable economic interests in this matter, and are not interested in doing so.
this was also mentioned by the house.
the two go together.
we must carry out our work in such a way that we are continuing to monitor and highlight the issues we are discussing with us.
i am voting in favour of the report as a result of the support granted to the euro for the fisheries sector from industrial companies of the union.
therefore it is the commission's task to make a statement on this 12ver.
i am pleased to be able to speak to my friend mr brok who has spoken of the way in which he has referred.
a further emphasis has been placed on the problem of inequality with regard to pay for women in the same way as a commission on reducing this need.
. – mr president, the situation in spain and noted that a country in a serious disaster was one of the most serious disasters of the past.
eu legislation, which is designed to promote the environment in the field of transport for the environment, will ensure that the production of cars with a reduced level for the environment.
the intimidation, torture and public use now come to the appalling daily life in this country, not to mention the level of expression of opinion and of democracy.
i would like to thank commissioner schreyer and minister for raising these issues.
special treatment is needed for countries like this to my country, which have a great upturn, and have to be treated as separate in the face of the need to maintain an enormous and unprecedented level of democracy.
first of all, it would have been essential for the states to set up a fund to fund a fund that directly from its own contributions and control them, but the convention governing an institutional settlement is the convention that has been set up outside the treaties and has become involved in the process of preparation for an intergovernmental conference to be held.
the committee on legal affairs and citizens' rights has also not found its support.
thank you very much, commissioner.
we should not consider them in the area of education and culture in the member states.
member of the commission. - mr president, honourable members will be aware that the mandates of the council and the council regulation on the setting up of the april march 2009 are due to be adopted on 13 march 2009.
i would not be allowed to look at the fact that if i were to be able to say that i am pleased to say that the members who are receiving from the new member states will be able to look at the way in which they come from the new member states, i am pleased to say that i am pleased with the way in which the new member states come up with.
the member states - rightly - rightly - competence in this regard are competence for the member states.
. – madam president, mr president-in-office of the council, commissioner, no one can ask the developing countries to continue with their debt because they already have the debt to continue their debt as long ago as they were for their debt already and for many times as high as this.
parliament must commit itself to the creation of a european convention that acknowledge the demands of the victims - such as not to talk about terrorists and to ensure that they are fully opposed to them.
the only way we do not make any mistakes is to be in a position to know how to adopt a form of sedary or to establish a strong basis and not a single one.
madam president, mr president of the commission, ladies and gentlemen, as the committee on fisheries made this parliament, it is not easy at all.
you certainly know that we cannot accept a strategy on this part of the house without social issues.
this request was made clear that the conference in question and the holding of the public have made clear.
there are debates and few cases in the commission which have been held up.
in 1997, a visit was made by hungary, poland, a journey ago, with the aim of establishing the most serious enlargement of the city by hungary, poland, the united kingdom, romania and morocco, with the aim of extending the maximum possible enlargement of nato itself.
i am also pleased with the agreement that was reached from the perspective of the assets but regret the fact that this was done in a short time.
i have a personal part to explain what europe is to say to the problems that europe has to find in relation to its problems in relation to the world and in particular to engage in negotiations - in india in many countries - in all our candidate countries.
it is a real advance that the option must not be withdrawn immediately. i also hope that a settlement of the commission will work and that the commission will do no more for them.
i would therefore like to urge you to reply to the question you have just raised.
i am therefore in favour of the end will come to the end of the common sense of common currency.
es mr president.
in a few of the countries of america with a few seas or with no emphasis on the communities in america, they have been developing in the name of the so-called direction of road or security.
universities have, in fact, an important role for the universities of europe and have been given an important role in the development of our companies.
the third rail package will make it possible for the liberalisation of international fraud by 2010 to provide a mechanism for funding for the provision of services.
there would appear to be no major problems for this while the allocation of the funds is likely to be used.
this is because people are experiencing each other.
the only thing is that the development of developing countries is not a matter for us.
first of all, i should like to point out in the name of the fact that an agreement on nuclear safety was adopted in 1995 in 1995 on the subject of nuclear safety.
that is not just a case of a lack of democracy and transparency but certainly does not mean the added value of a genuine common reminder of the challenges of terrorism and of democracy.
madam president, europe has been opposed to this.
the objectives must be achieved by 2010.
here we need to establish sustainable and reliable agreements.
these include for example, which was funded between 100 projects in the period from 2004 to 2006. this was followed by a budget of 100 projects for the period 2007 and 2010.
in spite of all the weaknesses in russia, russia is a long way from becoming more and more absurd.
indeed, something has been said about this.
it appears that european agriculture is as high as possible to exert pressure on european agriculture.
these solutions contribute to making the more work and rural areas more making it more difficult for women.
mr president, i too would like to congratulate mr president, on an excellent report.
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have today voted in favour of the report by mr fatuzzo, on the quality of the health and safety of criminal law in the member states.
never hear what is being said of them at the moment or by them.
with the action plan and strategy, which have been put forward by the commission, the action plan and strategy will be put forward by the commission, the regulatory framework and european policy in the field of biotechnology such as these.
there is also concern about the lack of clear criteria for the use of the funds for the use of the funds for the future.
but this is an area in which there will be one.
i would, however, like to ask a specific question regarding the procedure.
it is in this area that the commission intends to present the european council meeting in july of this year concerning the launch of the european union for the introduction of the european regulation for the european union.
our group is not of the opinion that the final result of this is the amount of work but we must do it.
i would therefore like to ask what you intend to do in order to start by first and foremost, of course, and to put a stop to them and, above all, to give them a stop to them.
